We're trying to diversify the tech
trade.
>> It's all part of that rotation story
that we're talking about.
>> We need almost those big tech companies
to be performing well and delivering
>> the opportunity set for [music] small
caps has become a bit more narrow.
>> The net of everything is that it seems
to be more about positioning, valuation,
and sentiment recalibration, not a
deeper growth scare. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning from our
audience worldwide. Bloomberg
surveillance starts right [music] now.
Coming into Tuesday, with tech bouncing
two days of gains pushing stocks within
striking distance of all-time highs as
AI demand is driving TSMC [music] sales
to grow at the fastest clip in months.
Alphabet is attracting more than 100
billion dollars of orders for a $20
billion debt sale. That debt binge
[music] is going global.
>> If a hundred billion dollars worth of
orders isn't enough, well, how about a
hundred-year slice that you got being
sold over in the United Kingdom. Look,
if this was a test about how much
appetite there is [music]
both domestically and globally for big
tech giants to push out and build out
some of their AI dreams, well, it is a
resounding clapping sound coming from
capital markets. Will this extend to the
others or is this an alphabet specific
story? Really remains to be seen.
>> Let's go with the 100year issue. Let's
talk about that. Sterling is a natural
denomination for an issue that long. Got
it? There's some demand out there.
That's the good stuff. A tech company is
not the natural issuer. Typically, we'd
be talking about countries or
universities. This is unusual and
something we've [music] not seen since
the late '9s. since 1997 when I believe
uh Motorola sold a bond if issuance at
the peak of the tekka.com bubble. A real
question here about which institution
[music] is going to lock in their uh
obligations, their need to get repaid by
a company that is tied [music] to the
latest and greatest going on in
artificial intelligence that's changing
monthtomonth. So it raises this issue,
[music] how much demand will this be and
is this the peak of the market? One
portfolio manager in a Bloomberg story
was talking about how 100red-year bond
issuances tend to indicate the [music]
peak.
>> These are huge numbers and they're being
taken down really, really well. So maybe
this could go on longer than we expect
and maybe it could generate some really
big growth figures. This big, I don't
know. This comes from the president of
the United States that if Kevin Walsh
does a good job, but the leader of the
Federal Reserve, then maybe [music] we
can grow at 15% and I think more than
that.
>> I think more than that, he said more
than 15%. you know annually we grow what
2.5 to 3% I don't know if the president
is talking [music] about cumulative of
his four years and beyond really unclear
what he means when he says [music] 15%
but what is clear is that the president
is once again sitting for an interview
clearly [music] there is concern about
the idea of affordability Americans are
going out in spending but prices are
still higher and they have a concern for
this so he's addressing it and he
continues to I'm sure sit for interviews
and maybe try to tell the American
people how they should feel
>> before he's even confirmed before even
he sits in the chair. The first day of
the job, the bar for him just got a
little bit higher. The bar for the data
is high too. Retail sales later on this
morning and then we get the big one.
Payrolls tomorrow, claims on Thursday,
CPI on Friday.
>> What are we going to expect from this
data after what we heard from Kevin
Hasset yesterday and I think the market
reaction is more interesting even than
the comments that were not [music]
clarified. Kevin Hassid, the chief
economic adviser to President Trump, was
talking about how you can expect worse
uh labor market data coming out. He was
talking in general, although maybe
people view this as a tell that he'd
already gotten the data, he was talking
about the productivity boom and lower
immigration numbers, the fact that the
market took this as numbers coming in
worse than expected highlights where the
market's bias is and what the response
could be if we get a really
disappointing number.
>> And no big change in the estimate so
far. The estimate for tomorrow morning
is 68K. That's the median estimate in
our survey. The range super super
[music] wide. We talked about that a few
times. At the high end, 135 at the low
end 10K. Coming up this hour, we'll
catch up with Marvin Low of State Street
with stocks sitting near all-time highs.
Francis Donald of RBC as investors break
for brace for key economic data and
Megan Robson of BMP Parabar on big
tech's massive push into the debt
market. We begin this hour with stocks
on the brink of all-time highs with a
slew of data on deck. Marvin Lou, Marvin
Lowe of State Street writing the
following. We still find the current
environment remaining conducive for
risk. Rotate America, not sell America,
which puts treasuries and the dollar
most at risk. Marvin joins us now for
more. Marvin, good morning.
>> Morning.
>> 15% for the year ahead. No, you're
pushing back.
>> I don't know what accounting he's using.
>> What kind of GDP figures are you and the
team looking for?
>> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I mean, trend
growth is 2%, right? We're above trend
growth for the last several quarters. uh
we have a tendency to underestimate the
um strength of the US economy but double
digits. [laughter]
>> You know why people are bullish though?
Maybe not that bullish but bullish and
it's because we've already had rate cuts
from the Federal Reserve.
>> There's taxfree funds to come
>> through the next several months and
we're looking at just four companies
with capex intentions of $650 billion
and when they come to the debt market
the market's taken it down really really
well. Is it hard to fade that story?
>> I think it is hard to fade the story.
Um, you know, it might be hard to, you
know, plow more into it at this point,
but I don't think you're fading that
story. Um, and and ultimately, we are
seeing the rotation that seems to be
getting a lot of attention over the last
couple of weeks as a healthy
rationalization of where you're supposed
to put your money into the markets.
>> I'm stuck on the 15% and this idea that
potentially not necessarily we're going
to get 15%. But it indicates the way
that President Trump and some of the
advisers are thinking about the United
States, which is in some ways an
emerging economy. In some ways, this is
a nondeveloped market that sort of has a
stayed growth rate. And I just wonder if
there are broader implications of that
kind of lofty goal for the way that US
assets are treated given some of the
volatility and the fact that people have
increasingly looked at some of the
budget as well as the potential
coordination between the Treasury and
Fed as emerging market behavior, not
necessarily a developed market one.
Yeah, I mean that's a great analogy and
it certainly is a conversation that I
think everyone's had over the last year
where you know the developed markets
have become the emerging markets and in
a lot of ways the restraint that we see
out of the emerging markets are making
them the um uh the uh better behaved
children in the in the room if you will.
um you know it does speak to the risk um
parameters that you demand on assets in
a market that is talking that way and
administrations that ultimately want to
try to push that type of agenda. For
sure there is a cost for that
volatility.
>> Why are we not seeing it in terms of the
bond auctions that we're getting? We're
getting some Treasury auctions this
week. We've got a lot of US companies
that are raising debt overseas. It
doesn't seem like that premium is
getting baked in in any material way. Is
that going to shift? Yeah, you know
what? Um I I do think that um the dollar
is weaker than one would normally expect
with the type of growth environment that
we're talking about and long yields are
higher than one would expect during a
cutting cycle. You know, the fact that
uh we're looking at 10-year yields um
particularly from a curve perspective,
widening out into this cutting cycle is
somewhat unique. Um but regime change
wise takes time and I think that you um
have the um factors that might be
driving it but the catalyst have yet to
materialize. We're all watching it and
we're waiting for whether or not we're
really dealing with a new regime. But
for the moment you have to give the Fed,
the whole financial system the benefit
of the doubt that you can't really avoid
these asset classes. Well, the president
weighed in on Kevin Worsh last night,
saying that it was his runner up in the
first time. And then when asked about
what's going on with the DOJ
investigation and whether it was worth
it to have this investigation, if it
means it's holding up the nominations,
he basically was like nonchalant. If it
happens, it happens. How are you
thinking about a future Kevin Walsh le
Federal Reserve? Do you think he's going
to come in and be dovish?
>> You know what? Um, everything that's
pretty much the conversation that
everyone's been having for the last
couple of weeks. uh his history is the
exact opposite. Um the way I see it,
whether it's the fact that policy
setting occurs within a committee and
he's one vote, um and the balance sheet
discussions and ultimately, you know, a
Fed Treasury type of aur accord where we
talk about potentially less Fed buying
at the long end. All of that is a higher
yield. So, um, you know, for me, it
still is a duration neutral, um, and
potentially steeper curve type of
discussion that comes out of all of
this.
>> The president was also saying how he's
been fighting with Senator Tom Tillis
for a while, which is why he's retiring.
Do you have any concern about
independence of the Fed?
>> You know what? Um, yes, we always have
concern. Um, you know, having said that
the Federal Reserve Act has withtood the
test of time, um, you know, I do think
that the market will quickly punish
absolutely bad policy. there's a
difference in credibility. If they're
cutting by 25 basis points, you know,
and there's disagreement around it,
that's not that's not necessarily
independence. If you're actually saying
that you're going to go to the zero
lower bound while um inflation is 3 to
4% and accelerating, that's bad policy.
It gets punished and it immediately
makes its way into the financial
markets.
>> Twos versus tens right now, 70 basis
points. There's some steepness there.
Not that steep. What kind of number have
you got in mind?
>> You know, I've got I I've I've got and
I've had um on on this program
particular for for quite some time.
somewhere around the 120 range. Um,
historically that is not overly steep
and when we talk about regime changes,
we really do need to think through
several cycles including before the GFC
when the curve was more naturally steep.
>> Is that driven by the front end or the
long end?
>> Um, it's driven by a bit of both. Uh, so
a bare steepen or a bare twist as part
of that discussion.
>> How quickly can you actually start
seeing that come to fruition? So we hear
this from a lot of different people. The
yield curve should be steeper. you
should have a extra yield uh y premium
on the long end.
>> We haven't really seen it come to pass
especially when you see sort of how
immune long end yield curve has been to
even some of the volatility we're seeing
in Japan. So what's sort of your
explanation of what hope people are
holding on to before that starts to uh
really materialize.
>> Yeah. I mean I mean treasuries are this
incredibly interesting asset class
within the world and it's not as if
anybody is incented to sell aggressively
around it. It's really a function of
when they buy less. And I think we're
starting to see those types of
conversations emerge. Do we continue to
see less foreign interest in the US
markets because there are 100red-year
bonds that they could buy elsewhere. Um
that is kind of the iterative process
around um how we get there. Um but it
really does make it difficult if you're
playing a trade and you expect um a you
know duration outperformance because the
Fed is cutting. We haven't had it. Um
and I wouldn't expect it. Do you think
Alphabet exists in a hundred years?
>> The history of hundredyear bonds um and
I haven't been around for all of them
but uh is not necessarily great. So
>> thank you sir. It's good to see you
Marvin Lo there of State Street. If
you're just joining us we're looking for
the pricing from that sterling
denominated 100year issue coming out of
Alphabet. We'll get more for you later
on this morning. Let's give you an
update on stories worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Yahihara. Hey
yhara.
>> Good morning John. President Donald
Trump says his pick for Fed chair Kevin
Worsh will be able to drive the US
economy to a 15%
growth rate. Trump [music] says Worsh
was the runner up in his last search for
a Fed chair and it was a big mistake to
pick Jay Powell who was pushed by former
Treasury [music] Secretary Steven
Minutuchin. Worsh's confirmation may be
delayed due to the Justice Department
[music] probe into the Fed building's
renovation. Meanwhile, as you all were
discussing, Alphabet raising [music] $20
billion in its biggest ever US bond
sale. This as the tech giant sells
sterling and Swiss Frank denominated
bonds for the first time [music] today,
including a rare issue of a 100-year
note. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg, Google's parent company is
offering five tranches [music] each of
sterling and Swiss Frank notes. And
we're seeing TSMC shares rising [music]
in the pre-market. The chipmaker
reporting a 37% increase in revenue for
January compared [music] to last year.
The manufacturer for tech giants like
Nvidia and Apple benefiting from [music]
a surge in AI spending. The company
pledging to spend as much as 56 billion
for the year up a quarter from 2025.
[music] That's your Bloomberg brief.
John
>> Yahara. Thank you. More from Yhara later
this hour. Up next on the program, high
expectations.
We should be at 15%. If [music] our new
head of the Fed, who I think is going to
be great, but if he does the job that
he's capable, we can grow at 15%. I
think more than that.
>> Good luck, Kevin. [music] Terry Haynes
of Pangia Policy joins us next live from
New York City this morning. Good
morning.
8:30 Eastern time. Look out for US
retail sales. was the first in a string
of data points for the week ahead.
Retail sales later this morning,
payrolls tomorrow, claims Thursday, CPI
on Friday. Under Savannah this morning,
high expectations,
we should be at 15%. If I'll tell you,
if our new head of the Fed, who I think
is going to be great, and he's [music]
he's a really high quality person, but
if he does the job that he's capable, we
can grow at 15%. I think more than that.
>> Look, I've been fighting teris for a
long time. So much so that he ended up
quitting.
>> Here's the latest this morning.
President Donald Trump setting sky-high
expectations for Fed chair nominee Kevin
Walsh. Pressure building to get
confirmation hearings underway.
Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins us now
from Washington for more. Tyler, skyhigh
maybe understates it. 15% 15% growth.
Yeah, John, at this point it's probably
an understatement to say President Trump
was trying to shed some light here on
his hopes for an anticipated Fed chair,
Kevin Worsh. It is unclear if the
president was referencing year-over-year
growth or some other metric, but
underscores what could be intense
pressure for the next Fed chair if and
when he is confirmed. Now, perhaps
behind this very rosy target is the fact
that we are heading into the midterm
elections and that is going to be
putting some pressure, heightened
pressure on this White House and
Republicans considering that they are
still playing defense when it comes to
the economy. A new poll out from Pew
Research finds that most Americans view
the economy negatively. In fact, seven
in 10 of them are saying that right now
they view it as fair or even as poor.
Now, the White House appears to be
banking on monetary policy under a
potential Fed chair Worsh as helping to
fuel the economy forward. And they're
also pointing to some of their other key
policy proposals, including that they're
expecting larger refunds this tax season
under the one big beautiful bill, as
well as the president's continued push
when it comes to onshoring
manufacturing. But at this point, John,
it really does feel like it is all about
that defense game for the GOP heading
into November. Now, if President Trump
feels that Kevin Worsh could help
advance Republicans economic agenda, he
may need to let up that criticism of the
current Fed chair Jerome Powell. When
asked directly in this interview whether
or not the Department of Justice's
investigation into Powell was worth
delaying the confirmation of Kevin
Worsh, President Trump said, quote, "If
it happens, it happens." And then, as
you heard, he went on to say that he has
long feuded with Senator Tom Tillis.
Tillis, of course, had voted against the
one big beautiful bill last year. So
John, at this point it appears that we
are still at this stalemate.
>> Tyler Caner with the latest in
Washington. Tyler, thank you. Joining us
now, Terry Haynes of Pangia Policy.
Terry, a few comments now. One from the
president, another from the Treasury
Secretary. Over the past few days, do
you think that maybe they're starting to
acknowledge these confirmation hearings
won't be happening anytime soon?
>> Oh, I think they understand that from
from the from the get-go, John, frankly.
And it's not so much Tom Tillis' signal.
The uh the real tell here is Senate
Banking Chairman Tim Scott uh who by the
way is the head of the Republican
Senatorial Committee this cycle. So he's
also in charge of uh getting the Senate
uh you know reelected and staying
Republican. And there's a situation here
where you know last week Scott came in
basically and confirmed everything
Tillis has said uh and you know
essentially offered the White House a
deal. will get your confirmation done
indicating strong support for for Kevin
Walsh. Uh but you've got to get rid of
this investigation sooner rather than
later. Uh Trump has no qualms about
telling the Justice Department uh who
works for him uh what to do or what not
to do in any other circumstance. So uh
at some point he's going to have to tell
US Attorney Piro to uh to to get on with
this or or be done with it. Well, the
fact of the matter is he's not doing
that yet, Terry. Why?
>> Uh well, I don't know that he is or
isn't. He isn't announcing it on Truth
Social, if that's what you mean. But the
uh uh he might well be doing that behind
the scenes. You know, there's uh there
there's there's two there's two kinds of
conversations that happen in Washington.
One is one kind is loud and squawky. The
other one uh uh doesn't seek uh doesn't
seek press attention. So, for all I
know, they've uh they they've told the
US attorney to to figure out what she's
what she's doing here and uh and be done
with it one way or the other. Uh the
other the other reason though I will say
in closing though is you know the
something that Besson keeps bringing up
which is that the the Fed could have
been investigating uh cost overruns
could have been investigating itself for
quite a while um and hasn't. He keeps
bringing that up both with the in terms
of the building renovation in terms of
Cook U and you know and I think that's a
sticking point with the White House. You
know that the Fed needs to self-p police
a little bit more than they already
have.
>> Terry, if we do though get into a
scenario where we do not have the DOJ
investigation wrapped up. How do you
foresee the Fed being run? Does Jay
Powell just stay on? Does the president
of United States have the authority to
appoint someone? Uh well the uh they can
designate but uh pal I think remains the
chair until somebody else takes the
chairmanship frankly. I mean that's the
way it usually works. That's how I would
expect it to be uh uh to happen in this
case. The the market's effect of that of
course would be to increase Fed
uncertainty around interest rates and
other matters.
>> Terry, if I were Kevin Worsh, I would
not be sad given the uh hold up in
potential confirmation. Based on some of
the recent proclamations coming out of
the White House, if Kevin Worsh is
responsible for 15% growth rates in the
United States, what does that kind of
Fed policy look like?
>> Well, I I I imagine the president's uh
talk here is entirely rhetorical. uh you
know the you know my my last night look
showed that the two highest growth rates
post World War II uh were 8.7% in 1950
and 7.2% in 1984. Uh so uh 15% is
entirely rhetorical. I think that's
about the midterms as Tyler mentioned
and I think that's also frankly about uh
the kind of the interlinking of national
security and economic security. uh you
know, you can read that how you want to
in terms of domestic politics and that's
pretty obvious, but but people outside
the United States hear that as you know,
Trump is is pushing absolutely as hard
as he can to to make the United States
as as big an economy, as dynamic an
economy as possible. And sure, 15%'s out
of the question, but what if he gets
half that? And half that certainly
possible. As I said,
>> the last countries to get 15% growth
rate or above were Guyana and South
Sudan. Others recently in recent history
include Libya and Iraq. I was looking at
this this morning because I was trying
to understand what kind of dynamic
usually fosters this type of growth
which goes to sort of emerging markets
versus developed markets. Developed
markets tend not to really grow at that
kind of pace. And I just wonder what
this means for industrial policy, what
this means for fiscal. Is there anything
on the agenda that could actually get
through to goose some of the growth
ahead of those midterm elections?
>> What markets anticipate and have
anticipated for some time is what you
have uh you know and we're in progress
with this now to some extent. Uh what
you have is you have a uh you have the
one big beautiful bill last year. Uh I
anticipate and I keep telling markets I
anticipate a second uh big beautiful
bill uh coming up this spring. uh there
there will be no stone unturned to try
to stimulate the economy as much as
possible. Uh and meanwhile uh what you
get is you get a lessening and a
rationalization of regulation which is
happening all over the place uh in
Washington. So if you get that you
certainly get a more stimulative uh
situation overall. Uh again I wouldn't
worry about 15% or anything else in
particular. Uh I don't think you take
Trump literally on this but what you do
what you do uh take from it is the idea
that they are focused as much as they
can be on uh on making the economy big
not just for domestic policy but for uh
for international policy for defense
policy. Hey Terry, it's always good to
catch up with you sir. Thank you. Terry
Haynes there of Panchia Policy. Growth
is good. Has been good for quite a
while. GDP is good. That number is high.
The character of growth is the problem.
It's not resonating with Main Street.
It's not sufficient enough to turn
around the story when it comes to the
polls and the surveys asking people how
they feel about the labor market because
payroll growth has been so muted. When
we sit here and talk about growth coming
from the capex spender for big
companies, that's meaningful for GDP.
When you see the capex coming from the
tech sector, it's not meaningful when
you Mitch or the conference board goes
around and does a survey.
>> It's not meaningful when you don't see
necessarily the job increases that come
alongside this because a lot of the
biggest companies are not employing huge
swaths of people. They are trying to
accumulate land. They are trying to
accumulate fiber. They're trying to uh
accumulate chips that are sold by guess
what TSMC uh that they're going to get
from Taiwan. So you put this together
and I wonder even if you have a 15%
growth rate does that trickle down in
the way that people are hoping for or is
this ultimately a different type of
tenor to growth that isn't going to
deliver the results in time for that
midterm election?
>> It's a political problem and it's why
the populace and the proposals they have
are polling so well at the moment not
just in this country but elsewhere too.
>> It's it's global. We're actually in a
populist wave right now. And when it
comes to this country, you see the
president of the United States actually
look to the far left for some of their
ideas that he is promoting ahead of the
midterm elections. You know, on the
Google earnings call, what the CEO had
to say is what keeps him up at night is
compute power. You know what I bet that
keeps the president up at night because
what do you need for compute power?
Land, electricity bills. All of this is
a problem for everyday consumers.
>> There are things that markets care about
and things that everyday Americans care
about. And I just wonder when the two
stories because it is a matter of when
and not if when the sto two stories
converge the remedies to the kind of
things that Americans care about could
be the story that constrains the kind of
things that markets care about.
>> If you start to get maybe a shift away
from the deregulatory kind of overhang,
especially if there's a focus on things
like electricity and land use, people
are expecting the bottom to come up to
the top. They're expecting the trickle
down from wealth effect. are expecting
the trickle down from some of this capex
plan. So far, it still hasn't come out
in a significant hiring or significant
sentiment boost.
>> Stocks are close to alltime highs, few
ten [music] of 1% away. Equity futures
this morning up by 0.1%. Up next, we'll
catch up with Francis Donald of RBC as
the focus turns to the data. Plus, Yah
has your morning movers on semifalling
as first quarter guidance falls short.
Their [music] stock is down by more than
4%.
Equities
positive just about up by 0.1% on the
S&P following [music] the biggest
two-day rally on the S&P 500 of the year
so far, adding about 2.5% to the
benchmark and putting us within striking
distance of all-time highs on the S&P
500. Elsewhere, the Russell Small caps
up another tenth of 1%. switch of the
board and get to the bond market. The
news out of China and Japan threatening
[music] to push bond yields higher and
then the headline from Kevin Hasset
pulling yields a little bit lower. We're
down another two basis points this
morning. It's a break of 420 418 into
payrolls tomorrow whereby I think a lot
of people might be on a bit of edge
right now [music] following the comments
from director Kevin Hasset at the NEC
that maybe we should look for a smaller
than expected number but you shouldn't
worry about a smaller than expected
number. Yeah, don't panic. Which makes
people think, okay, this is going to be
really bad. And it seems to be where
people are primed. The fact that people
had such a knee-jerk reaction to go back
to bonds tells us two things. On one
hand, you could say, well, it still has
a safe haven attribute regardless of
some of the concerns about China selling
and about a Japan fiscal policy that is
a little bit more expansionary. Okay,
that's one side of [music] things.
Second side of things is how primed are
people to buy on bad news? How much is
this market going to be caught off sides
[music] if this uh economy is not as
robust as currently priced in? What is a
good number?
>> Exactly.
>> What is a bad number in this payroll
report in the next 24 hours? Retail
sales later this morning, 8:30 Eastern
time. As yields came down, the dollar
weakened. [music] The worst day, the
biggest one-day drop for the US dollar
of the month so far. Let's turn to
foreign exchange. We unwind some of that
move, but Euro dollar still around 119.
Euro dollar this morning down by a tenth
of [music] 1%. As we count you down to
the opening bell and that data, let's
get you some single names to morning
movers. Yhira has more. Hey, Yhira.
>> Hi, John. There's been a lot of pressure
on software companies like Zoom Info to
prove they [music] can keep up in an
AIdriven world, but Zoom Info's results
gave little comfort. The company [music]
signaled revenue could barely grow or
even fall in the year ahead. So that
anemic growth plus the risk of AI
disrupting companies like [music] this
one is causing shares to plunge more
than 10% in the pre-market. Meanwhile,
also falling are on semis shares. They
are down nearly 5% in the pre-market
after its outlook came in a touch
lighter than expected. This is a company
[music] still dealing with an inventory
gluts and on top of that slower EV sales
are adding pressure to the chipmaker
which is highly exposed to the auto
sector. So, it is increasingly looking
to AI data centers as a new source of
growth. And speaking of data centers, we
end on Credo Technology. This is a
company clearly benefiting from the AI
buildouts. [music] It supplies data
centers with cables and it gave a
preliminary forecast for thirdarter
revenue that absolutely blew past
analyst estimates [music] and its own
forecast. Listen to these numbers. It
expects revenue of up to $48 million,
far surpassing the $345 million it was
previously guiding for. So shares are up
more than 17% in the [music] pre-market.
John
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Yihara later this hour. On our
radar this morning, Alphabet launching
bond sales in sterling and Swiss Frank.
Sources telling us here at Bloomberg the
offer includes the first 100-year note
by a major tech firm since the dot era.
The bond sales follow a 20 billion deal
in the United States in the last 24
hours. Elsewhere, shares of Taiwan Semi
rising in the pre-market after reporting
a surge in revenue for January. The
company arked $56 billion in capital
spending this year as demand for data
center chips remains strong. And
finally, the Trump administration
reportedly planning on shielding
hyperscalers like Amazon, Google, and
Microsoft from upcoming chip tariffs.
The Financial Times reporting the
carveouts are tied to TSMC's commitment
to build more semiconductors right here
in the US
>> and tied to our commitment to be the
leaders in the uh AI wars of 2026. I
think that there is a real question a
about how much some of these tariffs are
going to go into effect. A very small
subset have actually uh been
implemented. But on a larger level using
national security arguments for
something that you can then wave on
equally national security arguments and
the other side saying that we need to
build out so quickly seems to undermine
some of what we mean when it comes to
national security. And I'm not just
talking about from a legal perspective.
I'm talking from a market understanding
perspective. What does national security
mean if it can be lifted based on
competitive edge when it was put on for
competitive edge? It is a very
complicated kind of understanding
>> because they want the manufacturing to
come back to the United States which is
why this is tethered to you only get the
rebate if TSMC is coming to the United
States to build some of these fabs. What
I found interesting is an official
speaking to the FT says we're going to
be monitoring what unfolds like a hawk.
basically you're not going to get the
tariff rebates um if we don't see that
TSMC is building in the US. Basically,
they do not want to this to be a
giveaway to that company. So that's why
this is a carrot and stick approach and
also it hasn't been decided yet. We
should note that
>> we're monitoring the data like a hawk. A
slew of economic data through the week
kicking off with retail sales in about
two hours time. Francis Donald of RBC
writing, "There will be no shortage of
growth in 26, but it will be growth for
markets, not growth for the people."
Francis joins us now for more. Francis,
good morning. Good to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> That's a really strong statement. What
do you mean by it?
>> It's a strong statement, but it's
factual. This is jobless growth that's
coming through into America. It's growth
that's driven by capex, government
spending, big emphasis on the supply
side of the economy. But that's not
necessarily a bad thing. This is not an
economy that requires a significant
amount of job growth behind it. So
effectively what we're trying to
emphasize here is that we're used to an
environment where growth is a rising
tide that lifts all boats. Not so in
this particular environment. Despite
these high growth numbers that are
likely to come through this quarter in
the next few months, you are still going
to see the issues that have weighed on
Americans over the past few years
persist. So relying on the growth number
as a savior, a panacea for all that ails
America, that's what we're indicating is
a little bit dangerous in this
environment.
>> What do you think is a good jobs number
at the moment?
>> Anything above 40,000. That's our
estimate of the so-called break even
employment number, although that is
continuing to decline. So when we hear
Kevin say, get used to lower numbers,
but don't panic. An economist take on
that or this economist take on that is,
well, this is not an economy that
requires a significant amount of job
growth. We probably need about 40,000
jobs per month, although that number is
declining. So, anything above that
number is going to reduce the
unemployment rate. And that's how you
end up with this dichotomy of slower job
growth, but an unemployment rate that
could decline to 4.3%. At least that's
our estimate.
>> Yeah, Kevin has it said don't panic. And
panic is a different kind of uh emotion,
especially given the fact that the
market has not been panicking on some of
these jobs numbers. And frankly, that
nuance has been highly baked into a lot
of outlooks from a lot of Wall Street
houses. I just wonder what's a bad
number. And I'm talking not just about
the headline number, but also the
benchmark revisions that we're going to
be getting as well.
>> Well, our take is that if you want a job
in America, you're probably going to be
able to get one, particularly in the
healthc care sector. So, it's not so
much the headline number that I care
about, but the composition. We've seen
weakness in trade related sectors, for
example. And moving forward, we're going
to have to really change our mindset.
For a long time in this industry, if you
wanted to guess the American economy,
you would say, is the consumer employed?
consumer is going to be employed in
America. What will matter is not do they
have a job? It's do they have a big
enough wage to offset the inflation that
is in the system. Is it a good job? Does
it help them keep up with the cost of
living? So no longer is my estimate of
how well the American consumer doing
based on the unemployment rate. It's
going to be based on the quality of
those jobs going forward. And that's the
re-education that needs to happen when
we think about jobs numbers.
>> We were just talking about some of the
tariffs that have put put on
semiconductors and others in order to
bring manufacturing back to the United
States. And one of the reasons why some
people are getting really excited about
small caps right now is because you are
seeing the ISM manufacturing index turn
up, which is typically a forward-looking
indicator. I just wonder, are you
starting to see the labor market in the
manufacturing sector start to pick up as
well? Is this going to be an employment
full type of resurrection of the
manufacturing industry?
>> Not yet. In fact, what we've seen from
other indicators like the ADP is
actually that manufacturing sector is
still contracting or showing some
weakness there underneath the surface.
So, yes, good news. We do have some
momentum under that manufacturing side
of the economy, but it's not translating
to jobs yet. Again, this is jobless
growth that's happening under the
surface. Uh I'm not sure if it's don't
panic, it's be aware that that's okay in
this particular situation, but don't
expect the employment side of this
growth equation to surge to the same
extent as you would see the GDP side.
>> When will we see it? They're spending
tons of money on the AI data center
buildout. When will that actually mean
jobs?
>> Well, it may not. So part of the data
center component of this story is that
AI can reduce some sort of job emphasis.
But again, there's a bullish take to
this, which is our big take at RBC is
that America needs workers, not jobs.
And so for a long time, we would hear,
"What jobs is AI going to steal?" That's
not our perspective. Our perspective is
that AI is going to save us from the
labor shortage. Now, it's going to be a
bit I call it sort of an awkward teenage
years going forward here. We're going to
have some implementation that is a
little bit clumsy. too many jobs added,
some taken away over that period, but
ultimately view we view this as actually
being able to produce a more stable
equilibrium in the job market, not
something that's going to erode this
demand for workers without the supply
for it. Where does this kind of
relationship leave inflation?
>> Well, uh I think uh we're about to hit
the 5-year inflation uh uh 5-year
anniversary of inflation above 2% and
and no one's talking about that. I think
we've all just given in to the idea that
inflation will stay around. the the Fed
effectively doesn't sort of mention that
we talk about the bias towards rate cuts
even though we are five years into
having inflation above target and so
you're right to call this out which is
that if you have sort of a tight labor
market unemployment rate around 43 44
you are going to have a floor under
services inflation it is going to be
really hard to see material wage
disinflation or deflation in the system
and that's why we say get used to
three-ish inflation that's here to stay
now some folks will say well that's not
so bad and it's not it's not the
breaking of the inflation system in
America, but it is a sort of more
nebulous, maybe even nefarious creep up
in prices and a new sort of steady state
that's in the high twos. So folks for a
long time said, wouldn't it be so scary
if 3% was the new 2%. Well, it's sort of
crept in like the frog that's being
slowly boiled in the pot. That's how I
think about the inflation situation in
America.
>> New leadership of the Federal Reserve.
I'm sure you've developed thoughts on
Kevin Walsh and what kind of leadership
he might provide.
>> Well, yeah. Uh I mean we have to think
about is there going to be a different
sort of bias but actually there's always
bias at the Federal Reserve. It's just
human beings who have perspectives and
weight the data from a different
perspective. And we kind of think about
it the opposite which is that the data
will lead the Federal Reserve. And the
challenge going into 2026 what keeps me
up night is not who's Kevin Warish. It's
what does the Federal Reserve do if you
see a small creep up in the unemployment
rate but the level is still very low.
So, for example, if we go from 4.3%
unemployment to 4.5 or 4.6, that's still
an extraordinarily tight labor market,
but we know this is a Fed who will say
we don't like the direction of that
going. So, I worry about how is this Fed
going to communicate an extraordinarily
tight labor market and inflation stuck
near 3% with a doubbish bias.
>> Didn't we just find out what happens?
They cut rates. Well, that's that's the
revealed bias that's occurring here, but
it's going to be increasingly more
difficult to do that the longer we keep
inflation above target and the more that
we see very high growth rates that are
in play.
>> Francis Smart as always. Great to see
you. Thank you, Francis Donald there of
RBC on the Federal Reserve and this
economic data, more data this morning,
8:30 Eastern time, US retail sales.
Let's give you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Let's cross over to
Yahara for more. Hey, Yahara.
>> Hi, [music] John. House Republicans
advancing a procedural motion to block a
vote on President Donald Trump's [music]
tariff agenda. This could potentially
delay a vote on the president's most
prominent economic policy until at least
July. The motion will be voted on by the
chamber this week. House Speaker Mike
Johnson expecting [music] the rule to be
approved. Meanwhile, caring shares are
soaring over in Paris, up nearly 11%.
The French luxury goods maker reporting
fourth quarter results that beat
estimates. Sales at its key Gucci brand
falling less than expected [music] in
the final months of 2025. Meanwhile,
comparable sales fell about 10%, but
that still was better than [music]
feared. And we are seeing CVS shares
sliding in the pre-market down about 3%
after the company took a cautious
approach to its fullear [music] outlook,
holding its 2026 earnings forecast
steady. This coming despite the company
topping fourth quarter earnings
estimates, CVS's uh Medicare [music]
Advantage enrollment declining slightly
for the year amid a challenging time
[music] for the health insurance
industry. Dr. Bloomberg brief John
>> Yhara, thank you. I appreciate it. Up
next on the program, doubling down on
debt.
>> In Q4 alone, they the big four issued
$150 billion in of bots. So, and and
they're going to spend it. And I think
we are still in like the middle innings
of the AI capex cycle. And I think we
we're much higher.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Megan
Robson of BMP Parabal, live from New
York City this morning. Good morning.
Two days of gains [music] on the S&P
500. We are looking for day three.
Equities up by a tenth of 1% on the S&P.
Up another.12 on the Russell. Under
Savannah this morning, doubling down on
debt. In Q4 alone, they the big four
issued $150 billion in B of bonds. So,
and and they're going to spend it. And I
think we are still in [music] like the
middle innings of the AI capex cycle.
And I think we we much higher. The
biggest reason why they're investing is
more because they don't want to be
disrupted than to make money. As long as
they they they have that disruption
risk, it's a it's [music] an existential
risk that they're seeing. So, here's the
latest this morning. Alphabet tapping
the global debt market is seeing $100
billion in orders for its biggest ever
dollar bond sale. Megan Robson of BMP
Parabar writing, "Hyperscala capex
consensus expectations for 26 have
increased. This reinforces our $250
billion hyperscala IG borrowing forecast
for this year. Megan joins us now for
more. Megan, good morning. Good to see
you. Thanks. We've got some time to work
through all of these issues. I think the
first question a lot of us get asked is
why is a cashrich company like Alphabet
with a super super strong balance sheet
which can cover all of this themselves
borrowing in the debt market of the
scale. Why do they do those things?
>> It's a great question. So I think uh
there's two reasons. One, we're seeing
these capex numbers increase so quickly
and they're really outpacing operating
cash flow. So it brings up this
sustainability question. If they're
planning to continue capex at this pace,
they really do need to start issuing
debt. And then I think the second piece
is uh tech has been traditionally very
asset light sector. They're
transitioning into building these more
hard assets. You look at other sectors
like telecom, autos, traditionally uh
more hard asset type of sectors. They
have much higher debt stack. So I think
it's part of this transition into a
business model that's moving into that
direction.
>> So many of these companies as you know
like Alphabet can fund this capex
through internal operations. It does beg
the question how much bigger this cycle
can be and how much longer it's going to
go on for.
>> Yeah, it's a great question. Year to
date, we've already seen capex for 2026
expectations increase 16%. So that
really drives our expectation the
directions can continue to go up in
terms of the capex. A lot of that will
be funded in the USG market. For us, the
the our high conviction view is we do
think spreads have to continue to to to
go a bit wider for hyperscalers. We
think there will be a penalty as the
market uh we haven't seen it quite yet,
but we do think there will be a penalty
throughout the year as as um issuance
continues.
>> A number of investors see a 100red-year
bond issuance over in the United Kingdom
as sort of the warning bell. This is the
top. I mean, that's sort of what we've
seen in the past. I mean, how do you
view something like that in terms of a
big company that doesn't necessarily
need the cash, but sees really uh
beneficial financing conditions going
allin on a century bond. The century
bond is still an outlier, but certainly
a sign of just the massive and breadth
of demand that we're seeing across the
space. I think for us, the the risk you
really have to think about is will you
will these companies be able to monetize
the investments that that they're making
here? And we see some early signs that
they potentially can. So looking at
earnings last week, we saw cloud growth
as high as 40% for some companies that
suggest there is once this supply gets
online, there is potential to monetize
it. Remember topline growth for for some
of these names is 20% revenue. That's a
that's still a huge number. So we are
starting from a point of high
fundamentals or strong fundamentals but
there are some of these uh concerns that
that are extremely valid. I think
>> we're seeing unbelievable demand. I mean
truly unbelievable demand for a lot of
this debt which raises the question in
my mind how much money is just sitting
on the sidelines? How much money is
waiting to be poured into this on the
part of investment grade bond investors
or are they selling treasuries? Are they
selling some asset to go into some of
this debt that they know is going to be
issued this year?
>> We haven't seen signs that there's a a
selling and a rotation. We do think
there's a lot of cash on hand and to
your point about the demand, some of
these issues have been three, four, five
times overs subscribed. So the message I
think is investors are more worried
about being left behind, left out of
deals than being um having too much
exposure at this point. And remember the
hyperscalers in the past have had
relatively small debt stacks. So we do
think there's not a a capacity or over
capacity issue from an investor
standpoint of having too much exposure
quite yet. There's room to add to to to
these names,
>> right? Hyperscalers are in a unique
position to tap the debt markets. Does
it make it harder then for a smaller
tech company?
>> It could. I think that we're still
seeing markets are generally uh
generally open across the board. I think
lending conditions are easy.
Hyperscalers do have this advantage of
scale and I I think across the various
software uh sector that is seen as an
advantage and investors do seem to have
a preference as for scale in terms of
capitalizing on on AI.
>> Do you find it odd that we're seeing
push back in equity and not in debt?
we have seen um so in in the IG space we
haven't seen much much push back on debt
but I think that the equity weakness has
really spilled over into to software of
smaller names if you look at leverage
loans we've seen some real
underperformance there in terms of
software risks um as a result of the
selloff in software software equities
down almost 20% and uh a lot of the
smaller names value their companies and
leverage based on loantoval metrics like
that where they automatically have
higher leverage based on uh some of the
weakness we've seen in equities.
>> Talking about the hyperscalers
specifically as well, it's intriguing to
me that they come out with these massive
capex numbers and equity pushes back
even though equity should be the
beneficiary of some of the money being
raised to go and build these things and
the debt market's sucking it up. Isn't
that a curious dynamic at the moment?
It's a curious dynamic that shows that
bond investors either a have tons of
cash and are looking for places to park
it, b are just looking for a return and
they're looking at the absolute return
and they're not looking for the
potential growth factor or c our babes
in the wood. Right? I mean, this is sort
of the other argument that some people
are saying is that okay, something's got
to give and it might not be so dramatic.
It might just be that slight spread
widening or that push back in specific
smaller deals and not necessarily
Armageddon. Based on the movies we've
seen, the issuance from Oracle, from
Alphabet, there's runway here for this
to grow, for this to go on a whole lot
longer, which is what Wells Fargo was
telling us yesterday. Can we talk about
a 100red-year debt in the corporate
credit market? What's that about? Why
would someone buy that issue? Can you
help us understand that? Now, typically,
we'd associate that with governments,
with universities, the kind of
institutions that are around for
centuries,
>> not with tech firms, which is why we
keep going back to this 1997 Motorola
issue. I've got no idea where Alphabet
is next year, 5 years, 10 years. And if
we're all worried about the disruption
coming from AI, I'm not sure how anyone
can have any degree of confidence about
where they'll be in the next century.
Why does someone in your market want to
buy a 100-year corporate debt issue from
a tech firm?
>> Yeah, I think it's it's definitely a
unique uh tenor and not only bringing
sort of the credit risk that you're
talking about, but interest rate, market
risk, uh just having that extreme long
duration. the hundred-year bond was
stolen uh sold in a different currency,
so it was sold in sterling. That that
adds a a more specific element to it.
But there are certain investors that
have asset liability matching and so it
could play into an average duration uh
an average duration goal that having if
they want to extend duration that is
potentially one tool that they can use
to do so.
>> It always blows my mind because this
often doesn't work out for sovereigns,
never mind companies. Argentina,
Austria. I mean, look at the other
examples that really haven't worked out.
I think that uh Marvin Low said that the
Argentinian 100red-year bond didn't make
it to the second coupon payment. So,
tend to uh be sort of a a a scattershot
result in terms of what you can get.
Nonetheless, this really speaks to the
dynamic of people having a lot of cash
and it speaks to the liquidity in the
system that still is in the system. So
for all the people who are looking for
some sort of blowout top that leads to
40% decline, well good luck if you have
this kind of liquidity and this
determination from governments worldwide
to keep that liquidity in.
>> You're looking for 250 billion in
issuance from hyperscalers.
>> 250 billion is our forecast for this
year. And I think we're recommending
investors actually overweight the
utility sector versus hyperscalers. Both
uh borrowing more to fund this AI capex
buildout. Utilities though less
vulnerable to equities and are also
using uh what's called hybrid structures
so you get a little bit of a pickup in
yield. It's more credit friendly and uh
we think that's a better way to
position.
>> Is it fair to say also and I'd love your
perspective on this that management
teams at utilities are used to running
companies with capex intensity this
high?
>> Exactly. There's le there's less of a
transition of the of of the business
model for sure. So I think that's a
that's a great point as as as well.
>> I'm intrigued by this management team
sort of dimension when it comes to this
massive transition. These are companies
that are not used to running their
companies this way. I'd love to hear
more on that in the coming year.
>> You have to be a talent manager to
becoming an investment manager and those
are two different things.
>> Massive change
>> and ultimately that's going to be the
challenge and right now people are just
excited about the promise that will come
into play and it's the reason why a lot
of private asset managers have been
involved and I wonder actually how much
they're getting locked out as some of
these public issuances come to the four.
Alphabet in their earnings talked about
these linking arrangements with third
parties and they said these agreements
could quote increase liabilities and
obligations in the event of
non-performance by us our counterparts
or vendors. This is a new business model
that they are embarking with and that is
where the risk is.
>> Just on an update just got an update for
you on the debt sterling denominated
debt from Alphabet set to raise a record
4.5 billion sterling from that pound
bond sale. That headline just crossed on
the Bloomberg terminal just moments ago.
Megan, good to see you. Thanks for
dropping by. Major major numbers talking
up 250 billion from hyperscalers. Morgan
Stanley by the way looking for 400
billion this year from some of those
names. So these numbers get bigger.
Megan Robson there of BMP Par. Coming up
on the program, Eric Johnson of Counter
Fitzgerald, John Lieieber of Eurasia
Group, Mike Pile of Black Rock, Matthew
Mish [music] of UBS. The second down
hour of Bloomberg surveillance just
around the corner.
We're kind of still in this low higher
low fire place.
>> There is a lot of scope potentially for
the Fed to [music] cut rates if they had
to.
>> It's pretty clear they're going to do
whatever it takes to juice the economy
and markets.
>> It's important that we still [music] get
rate cuts this year.
>> I think there is an upside case for the
economy this year. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, [music] and An Marie
Hordern.
>> Two-day rally on the S&P 500. Up by 2.5%
in [music] just two days. This morning,
we add just a little bit of weight to
it. Up a tenth of 1% on the S&P 500.
Your scores look like this. On the
NASDAQ 100 this morning, just about
unchanged on the Russell, [music] up by
0.15. The focus on the data later this
morning, 90 minutes away, US retail
sales. The focus right now [music] is on
Alphabet. Yesterday, $20 billion bond
sale, a record $100 billion of demand.
In the UK, a sterling issue, they raised
$4.5 billion and the order book, they
draw a record 24 billion sterling of
bits. They're issuing a lot of debt and
this market is [music] eating it up
>> and they can't get enough. I mean, to
think about how much people were
clamoring to get in on this. Essentially
what Megan was just talking about is
that people are battling each other to
get allocations for the right to buy
into this debt at first [music] issue.
So if anyone was concerned about a
100red-year debt in over in the United
Kingdom being a sign of the top it isn't
really coming to fruition and certainly
in markets. [music] At the same time
there will be a limit. We're not
reaching it yet. Which raises the
question how much further can this
buildout really go?
>> Four, five, six times overs subscribe.
This is what the market wants is sucking
it up and these guys are going to
provide it for the year ahead. We're
talking about numbers of $250 billion a
debt coming from the hyperscalers in the
next year according to BMP Parab Morgan
Stanley going further. They're saying
400 billion in total. The capex
intentions you're familiar with the
numbers right now 650 adding the rate
cuts add in the tax [music] refunds is
why a lot of people are bullish the US
economy for the year ahead and why the
president's talking out the prospect of
hitting 15% GDP growth over the next 12
months. So, I'm not quite sure we're
going to get 15%, but Terry Haynes
basically said, you know, shoot for the
stars, land on the moon, or shoot for
[music] the moon, land on the star,
something like that. Set the goal
really, really high. But also, the
president is in midterm election year
season. He is going to try to go and
talk up the economy. [music] Even though
everyday people are not feeling it,
which is why this is a very difficult
story. What is an AI buildout mean?
Jensen Wong recently was talking about
this is a once in a generation
infrastructure buildout. That means that
AI companies, tech companies are coming
for your land and they're increasing
your electricity prices. And [music] it
is going to be a political issues when
maybe these AI companies start putting
in some of these [music] codings that
end up taking your job.
>> It could be disruptive disruptive for
Main Street. And that's the issue the
politicians have got. Growth could be
good. It could be great. Will it be
jobless growth? And that's a figure
we'll be talking about tomorrow morning.
>> Don't panic. Don't panic. It has to do
with immigration. So that's the issue.
Ultimately, again, it's going to be how
much is it the Kevin Hassid world of
things where he's looking at what a
[music] lot of economists have talked
about the fact that you do have a lower
population. So, just naturally, you're
going to have a lower pace of growth. At
the same time, what you're seeing from
sentiment surveys, the consumer
conference board, even if uh they might
cast some shade on it, uh there is this
feeling that people don't see jobs as
plentiful at the fastest pace going back
to 2021. So, how are we going to bridge
that gap? That ultimately is a midterm
election question. If you're just tuning
in, welcome to the program. Equity
futures this morning up another tenth of
1% on the S&P 500. [music]
Coming up this hour, we'll catch up with
Eric Johnson and Caner Fitzgerald as
tech stocks bounce. John Lieieber of
Eurasia Group as President Trump sells
the economy to sway the midterms and
Matthew Mesh of UBS as AI threatens to
shake up the credit market. We begin
this hour with stocks holding their
record highs. Eric Johnson of Counter
Sheld writing, "We think that we have
now seen the draw down that we expected
and it's behind us. We think the equity
market will break out soon. Eric joins
us now for more. Eric, good morning.
Good to see you.
>> Good morning. Good to see you.
>> What makes you think the worst is behind
us? What gives you that level of
confidence?
>> So, we saw a fair amount of
capitulation. So, and it was across
asset classes, right? You saw the huge
draw down in silver, saw the draw down
in Bitcoin. Uh we saw software stocks, a
pretty big sector within the S&P 500 get
hit very hard. And then mega cap, which
is very retailed, also got hit very
hard. So, you've seen that. You've seen
sentiment come down. Um you can see that
in the sentiment indicators. the VIX
went um to 23 which is also somewhat of
a short-term capitulative sign. Um and
then net exposure for institutions also
came down and um so that's sort of
behind us and what we have ahead is a
very good backdrop for for equities from
a fundamental perspective.
>> Where do you think leadership comes from
with that in mind?
>> So I think cyclicals um is is one area.
cyclicals have mostly performed well,
but I think materials and industrials
can continue. And then within tech, tech
is a much more nuanced sector now. Um I
think software uh we have a strong view
that software has bottomed at least in
the short term and that we're going to
see a pretty powerful bounce um in those
names. Um and then the picks and shovels
of this buildout, they've done well. So
those they've had big rallies whether
it's energy um uh different aspects of
industrials or of course semis and semis
equipment semi- equipment but we think
those can continue because of the power
of this capex buildout and some of the
capex numbers that you've referenced.
>> We've talked a lot about the debt
issuance that's expected and ongoing
from a lot of the tech companies. Is
this a headwind or a tailwind for the
equity side?
>> I think it's a tailwind. I think down
the road, you know, maybe a year or two
down the road, it could become uh maybe
a headwind, but for right now, you're
unlocking all of this cash into the into
the economy. So, you essentially had
trapped cash on balance sheets, trapped
abilities of these companies to issue
debt, and now they're now they're taking
advantage of it, and they could do this
for years to come and not have any issue
with their debt to IBIDA getting
anywhere close to out of whack. And so I
think it's one story for those four
names around how it affects them. I
think that's much more of a uh you know
nuanced view and we can talk about that.
But for the economy and for the rest of
the S&P 500 um it's extraordinarily
bullish. And um when you think about the
stimulus heading into this economy um
it's not just the fiscal stimulus coming
from the government, it's this stimulus
coming from these hyperscalers. When you
think about $650 billion of capex from
four companies, that probably goes
higher than that. And that doesn't
include the private companies. It
doesn't include Oracle. It doesn't
include other parts of um you know of
tech. So it becomes extraordinarily uh
you know powerful for stimulus.
>> It's a tailwind for energy. It's a
tailwind for materials. It's a tailwind
for real estate. Is it a tailwind for
both big tech and from some of the
consumer cyclicals that aren't
necessarily hinged to those particular
industries directly tied to this
buildout?
>> So I think the consumer has other
tailwinds um because you when you look
at the capex numbers some of them are
there's not a multiplier effect on and
some of some of it there is but I think
specific to the consumer you of course
have the the higher refund checks. um
jobs is a challenge as I think wage
growth will be will be a challenge but
you also have the net worth wealth
effect that's affecting you know about
half the country and that does help
consumer spending in a big way because
that's where most of the spending is is
coming from. So I think the consumer
sort of indirectly and from other means
is going to have some pretty strong
tailwinds behind it. you say in your
note fiscal stimulus is powerful, but
what besides the rebate checks that
individuals are going to get do you
expect out of Washington?
>> So, also the tax withholding rate, you
know, came down for most people starting
January 1st. Um, and then of course you
have the the expensing of capex for, you
know, many smaller companies that we're
not talking about and that are not
public that are likely also going to
increase their capex because they can
write it down and depreciate it all in
the first year. Now, we are in a midterm
election year and so there's potentially
other stimulus to come. Of course,
President Trump has talked about the
$2,000 checks. Um, you know, our view is
whether it's $2,000 um or it's something
else, we think something will come. So,
maybe it's less, maybe it goes to a
smaller percent of the population, but
you're likely closer to the midterms
going to see that type of of stimulus
coming. And then, of course, you have
monetary stimulus. When it comes to
monetary stimulus, you're expecting a
dovish Kevin Walsh if he gets through
the Senate confirmation hearing.
>> Uh yes. So, um I think what you know,
he's talked about lower rates uh for
sure. He's also of course talked about a
smaller uh smaller balance sheet. I
think once he's um in the seat um a more
the more dobish uh Kevin Worsh will be
in the seat and I think he's also going
to have a lot of tailwind tailwinds
around inflation. So if you look at
right now true inflation, trueflation
right now has dropped dramatically over
the last two months. And that's
essentially just a real-time indicator
every day that comes out looking at
prices. It's dropped from 2% to 60 basis
points over the last two months. And we
think that um owner's equivalent rent's
going to come down. And so I think he'll
have the reasons between the inflation
numbers and the labor numbers to be able
to cut probably three times.
>> Three cuts this year.
>> Three cuts in 26. Yes.
>> On top of all the tailwinds that we're
seeing in growth.
>> Yes.
>> That's going to be quite something,
isn't it? What kind of level of growth
are you expecting?
>> I mean, I think from a real perspective,
we can get somewhere, you know,
certainly north of certainly north of 3%
and I think that we're probably going to
see some quarters that are north of
four. Um, so, you know, I think and if
you look at the the equity market, you
know, if you if you think about GDP
growth north of 3% with a Fed cutting,
that's extraordinarily powerful. look
back in history how when markets have
had their dramatic sell-offs, they've
had it with GDP going uh going, you
know, negative or being around zero or
you've had an aggressive Fed. We're
going to have both of those going in the
right direction. And so, um, you know,
there hasn't really been a time where
you've had both of those going in the
right direction where you've had weak
equities.
>> Everyone who comes on the show this
morning, I hear it's going to be a
really hot economy. Inflation's not
going to run away, but it's going to be
around 3%. it screams buy equities, sell
the long end of the yield curve and sell
the dollar. I mean, is there anything to
push against that type of trade at least
based on that narrative that you just
put out there?
>> So, yes, I I would disagree with selling
the long end of the curve. I actually
think bond yields are going to come in
and it's for a number of reasons. One of
the topics that um hit the media was
around this Treasury and Fed um you know
coming together. And putting that aside,
I think the Treasury is clearly focused
on getting the long end of the curve
down. And there's things that they can
do around issuance and moving that to
closer to the shorter end, which I think
that they ultimately will do once the
Fed funds rate gets lower. So I think
that'll be um you know very important.
And then number two is I think the
inflation rate is going to u come down
which should help the should help the
long end. And then if you look at the
deficit, the deficit in 2025
was down versus 24 as the economy
expanded. So that curve, that deficit to
GDP ratio is starting to bend lower. And
so I think that's also going to be
positive for uh for bonds. And so if you
have the Fed funds rate go to 3%. I
think having a 10-year in that 350 or
375 area when you have the government
wanting that long end down and being
able to do things I think is very
realistic.
>> 418 this morning on 10. Eric, good to
see you. Thanks for being here. Lots to
think about. Thank you, sir. Eric
Johnston there of Can Fitzgerald. Let's
get you an update on news worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief. Yhara's back with
more. Hey, Yahara.
>> Hi, John. We're seeing Coca-Cola shares
falling 3.6% 6% in the pre-market. The
beverage giant posting fourth quarter
revenue that missed estimates. [music]
The company offered a fullear sales
outlook with a tie-in near Wall Street
expectations bolstered by higher prices
and demand for [music] zero sugar
drinks. Meanwhile, Barclay is reporting
earnings last year that beat
expectations helped by the best fourth
quarter since 2016. The bank saying it
will return at least [music] $20 billion
to shareholders through 2028 as it
continues to work through a long-term
plan to slash costs and improve
profitability. And President Donald
Trump says his pick for Fed [music]
Chair Kevin Walsh will be able to drive
the US economy to a 15% growth rate. A
lot of pressure there. Trump says Worsh
was the runner up in his last search for
a Fed [music] chair and it was a big
mistake to pick Jay Powell who was
pushed by former Treasury Secretary
[music] Steven Minutuchin. Worsh's
confirmation though may be delayed due
to a justice department probe. We
[music] should work brief John
>> Yahara. Thank you. Thanks for the
update. Up next on the program, selling
the Trump economy.
>> I think we have the greatest economy
actually ever in history. Now we have
the hottest country [music] anywhere in
the world. I guess I have to sell that
because we should win in a landslide and
we'll do everything we can to do it.
>> John Lieieber of Eurasia Group joins us
next live from New York City this
morning. Good morning.
Let's start with stocks. So this
morning, bit of a snoozer, up by a tenth
of 1% [music] on the S&P, up by 210 on
the NASDAQ. More data later. You've got
all that. In the corporate credit
market, the primary market, the supply,
we're seeing anything but a snoozer. So
yesterday we had a $20 billion debt
issue from Alphabet. They drew about a
hundred billion dollars in orders. So
five times overs subscribed. Fantastic.
Market wants to eat it up. Then this
morning they go global issues [music]
some debt in sterling and the Swissy.
These are the headlines based on a
sterling issue. So [music] they raised a
record or are set to raise a record 4.5
billion from the pound bond sale. What
we understand based on the demand we're
seeing is skyhigh. A record 24 billion
[music] of bids. And of the maturities,
the 100year, the century bond actually
drawing a lot of demand on this front as
well. So look, just another example that
the market wants it and of Alphabet
[music] supplying it is getting eaten up
this morning.
>> And there isn't enough bonds being sold
in order to meet that demand. It
highlights to me that you can question
maybe Google's ability to manage money
and manage uh manage [music]
land and infrastructure and all of these
assets, but they are genius at market
timing because right now they are
nailing it with respect [music] to how
much they're able to sell at what price
they're able to sell based on the
[music] US issuance. We haven't gotten I
believe the pricing for this in terms of
what yield these investors are demanding
and in terms of the scope there is ample
room for them to go further.
>> Absolutely phenomenal. Tomorrow of
course we'll get some 10-year notes from
the US government. So a bit of
competition [music] here for them at the
long game. We'll get some 30 years later
in the week. Three-year notes, some
issuance from the Treasury a little bit
later on this afternoon, 1 p.m. Eastern
time, I believe. So look out for that.
In the bond market so far this morning,
yields coming another two or three basis
points. We're [music] down about three
or four on 30s. to 482 on 10s to 417
call it 418 coming into that data a
little bit later and the Sylvanas this
morning selling the Trump economy
I think we have the greatest economy
actually ever in history now we have the
hottest country anywhere in the world
that's said by everybody we have the
hottest country in the world I guess I
have to sell that because we should win
in a landslide and we'll do everything
we can to do it
>> so here's the latest this morning the
president taking ownership of the US
economy ahead of midterm elections later
this year. An average of polling
suggesting about 42% of Americans
approve of Trump's performance on the
job. Tyler Kendall has more. Hey, Tyler.
>> Yeah. Hey, John. Good morning. Well, at
this point, the president's right
because according to polling,
Republicans are going to need to sell
their policies heading into the midterms
as the administration tries to refocus
the narrative that originally started
with President Trump calling
affordability a hoax. But now the White
House is really going on the offense.
We're expecting President Trump to do
more domestic travel. He's already
ramping up pressure on a potential Fed
chair, Kevin Worsh. And we've seen him
put out a flurry of new policy
proposals, some of them more populist in
view. That's why I'm closely watching
how Vice President JD Vance's campaign
schedule evolves in the months ahead,
considering he was chosen in part for
his more populous ties. We can't forget
he was one of the sponsors of a bill
that would crack down on credit card
swipe fees when he was in the Senate as
just one example. Now, the White House
is also touting policies it's already
enacted tax cuts under the one big
beautiful bill, a push to onshore
manufacturing. But at this point,
Republicans are really playing defense
over the issue. Consumer sentiment did
unexpectedly improve to a sixmonth high.
According to the preliminary reading
this month from the University of
Michigan, but when you dig into the
cross tabs, there is still this
persistent concern when it comes to the
labor market and the impact of
inflation. And political polling is
showing an even more stark picture. A
new poll out from the Pew Research
Center I'd point you to shows that the
majority of Americans view the economy
as negative. Seven in 10 US adults
saying that right now their view of the
economy is either poor or fair. Now,
John, the stakes, of course, as you well
know, couldn't be higher. We can't
underscore this enough. Democrats only
need to net gain three seats in order to
flip the House. And complicating matters
for Republicans is that we are seeing a
record number of retirements in the
party. In fact, it's actually on track
to reach a record level for an election
year later this month.
>> Tal Kendall, thank you. Thank you for
the update. The issue is for the
president, for the White House is that
many of these issues, Bill, coming out
of the pandemic. The problem they've got
when you sit in the White House, you own
it going into the midterms
>> and he's owning it and now he's trying
to sell it in the same way that they've
sold it in the past, which is this is
really great. This is excellent. And
will it translate to how people feel
about it?
>> John Lieieber of Eurasia Group has this
to say. The primary season will be more
unpredictable than usual. The national
environment for 2026 looks very positive
for Democrats. John joins us now for
more. John, welcome. Does the president
do or the Republicans have to runway the
time to turn this around?
>> Uh, probably not. I mean, I think
there's a world where there's a booming
economy between now and November, and
that helps them save some of these
marginal seats. Uh, but you know,
Americans have to feel it, and they have
to be convinced that it's the Trump
administration's actions that are
driving it. So, you want to see lower
unemployment, which is very difficult
given how low it is already. You want to
see the president's poll numbers
improving and he's underwater on all the
top issues, the economy, inflation,
immigration, and he's got to really
change the narrative there. And I think
importantly, you you need Americans to
feel like they can afford the what they
want. And I think that's the biggest
challenge that faced Biden. It's the
biggest challenge that faced Trump.
You're not going to turn around the
price of housing between now and
November. Maybe you can make a
difference on groceries or some of the
other things that people feel are too
too high priced. Energy perhaps. Uh
college affordability is not going
anywhere. These these fundamental things
that make most American voters unhappy
just just aren't going to turn around.
And like you said, John, uh you own it
when you're the president. So if people
don't like the direction of the country,
they blame you. Trump is personally
unpopular and just hasn't proven the
ability to expand his appeal really
throughout the course of his political
career. So, it would really surprise me
um if the Democrats didn't uh take the
House and potentially the Senate,
although that's a lot less likely.
>> So, for the remainder of the year, what
can we see the White House do to try to
turn this around? We saw a beef
directive overnight. Looking at
Bangladesh social media, they say that
tariff rates are going to be cut. Are we
going to see the president actually
reverse some of his signature policies?
>> Yeah, I think tariffs are likely to come
down between now and the end of the
year. That's probably because of this
court case and also because of the cost
of living concerns. They're going to
continue to push these stimulus checks.
Um, you know, they've got a number of
other ideas uh about ways that they can
uh lower the cost of living, but I think
a lot of it's just going to be window
dressing because the actual levers the
White House has to pull aren't that
great. Look, the Biden administration
looked at all these options, and it's
not like there's a big ideological gap
between the what the Trump team is
willing to do and what the Biden team is
willing to do. In fact, Trump is
embracing policies that even the Biden
administration said were, you know, too
interventionist for the government to
think about capping interest rate fees
and stuff like that. So, all of these
things have been looked at and rejected.
If the White House could do something
about the cost of living, they would
have done it by now. They can goose the
economy, they're going to run it hot,
and you heard Trump talk about that just
now. Um, but I don't think that helps
address the fundamental concerns that
are are wait a wait for President Trump
right now.
>> John, when it comes to the midterms, how
bad do you think it is going to be
Republicans? I know we had that state
senate seat in Texas that was a plus 17
Trump district. But also over the
weekend, another unique election in
Louisiana, a House seat. This was
another Trump district that a Democrat
won. How bad is it going to be for
Republicans?
>> Yeah, the Republicans have a structural
issue with which is that the coalition
that's formed under over the coalition
that they put together over the last 10
years is a Trump coalition. And that
means that a lot of those voters only
show up to vote when Trump's at the top
of the ticket. 2020 was close. He won in
24. 2016 he was close. He almost won the
popular vote. But in the off cycle
elections, they just aren't doing that
well. And it's because their voters
don't show up. And I probably anticipate
that this time around. So you're looking
at, you know, if you look at previous
wave elections in the US. In 2012, the
Democrats picked up about 60 seats. In
2018, the Democrats picked up, sorry,
the Republicans picked up about 60
seats. In 2018, the Democrats picked up
about 40. And I think because of
redistricting and gerrymandering and the
way they're able to draw districts, even
a wave election this cycle where let's
say the Democrats are ahead by three to
five points in the national popular
vote, which would be huge, I think
there's a kind of a ceiling as to how
far they can go because these districts
have drawn to be so friendly to
Republican incumbents. So, I would be
looking for a 20 to 25 seat shift. Um,
anything less than that, if it's in the
10 to 15 range, is probably a good night
for the Republicans. Anything more than
that would be a real I think massive
wave uh for the Democrats.
>> House Republicans who are up for
re-election, how much are they closely
aligning themselves with President Trump
and his agenda right now versus trying
to distance themselves?
>> I think you align yourself with the
president through the primary and you
want to look like you're a problem
solving guy or woman that gets things
done. And aligning yourself with the
president in the general can be helpful
with that. Again, a lot of these
districts are very, very safe. So, um,
I, you know, most members of Congress
are going to say, "Hey, I'm a Trump
Republican. I want to get this done for
President Trump." Uh, you know, there
will be a few who are in these more
marginal seats. People like Mike Lawler
in New York. Um, you know, Susan Collins
in Maine who's not running, but you
know, they've got these people who are
in these more moderate seats who are
going to be looking to make distance
from the president, but it's not going
to be I don't think I don't expect a
jailbreak for Republicans between now
and November.
>> Hey, Sean, it's good to see you. John
Lever, Vasia Group. We'll catch up again
soon. For all the talk of fantastic GDP
growth in America for the year ahead, go
to the ECFC screen. Right now,
economists on Wall Street are not buying
into that at the moment. The median's
2.4%. Now, 2.4 is okay. It's a decent
number, but it's not three, it's not
four.
>> Yeah. Ultimately, uh, where is this
investment going? I mean, Torston Slock
just put out a note saying that there's
going to be no [music] impact of AI
except for the big tech companies in
terms of making their earnings better.
So, that's the sense that you're getting
from Wall Street. Torsson makes you
think. That's why I love the TOS notes.
It makes you think. [music] The prospect
of conversation about rate hikes by year
end. We'll see. My part of Black Rockck
up next.
Two-day winning streak on the S&P 500.
The biggest two-day gain going back to
November. Higher by around 2.5% this
morning. Up another 0.2%. [music]
Likewise on the NASDAQ. Likewise on a
Russell in the bond market, anticipating
the retail sales data 60 [music] minutes
away with yields down about a basis
point at the front end of the curve and
down two or three at the long end. 10
tens [music] down to 41763s
down to 482. This is going into supply
10 and 30s over the next few days and
some interesting comments from Kevin
Hasset, the NEC director in the last 24
hours. It is fascinating that Kevin
Hassid's potential nod maybe if it was
that to a weaker than expected labor
market uh labor market jobs market uh
number is triumphing over all the supply
concerns over the potential for China to
stop selling as uh the [music] Bloomberg
broke yesterday and as well as what's
going on at the Bank of Japan and
potentially a Japan fiscal policy. We're
talking about $42 billion of tenure
notes coming [music] tomorrow. We're
talking about $25 billion dollars of
30-year bonds from the United States
government. That will be in competition
potentially with big tech companies that
are also issuing massive amounts of
bonds. So, it really highlights how
there [music] is ample ability to soak
up this debt.
>> No push back in corporate credit or in
the sovereign debt market at the moment.
We'll have more on that alphabet issue
in just a moment as we count you down to
the open and bell. Two hours away with
your morning movers. Here's Yahihara
with more. Hey yara.
>> Hi John. TSMC is riding the AI money
wave. Shares are up nearly 3% in the
pre-market after revenue in January
surged 37% [music] as a hyperscalers
line up to spend $650 billion this year
alone in AI capex. And demand is so
strong at TSMC that it's also planning
to spend big. It's earmarking 56 billion
in capex this year alone, about 25% more
than last year. Meanwhile, moving on to
Spotify. Those shares are soaring up 11%
now in the pre-market after it reported
record user growth. It added 38 [music]
million users far surpassing analyst
estimates and marking its biggest jump
ever. They say that the results the
strong results were fueled by their raps
campaign which essentially gives you a
roundup of the artists and songs that
you listen to and [music] allows it
allows you to share it on social media.
So the viral campaign uh helping to fuel
growth. And we end on Coca-Cola. those
earnings out just moments ago. Shares of
the beverage giants are [music] falling
3%. It did post annual sales that were
in line with estimates, but it's slower
than expected. [music] Uh fourth quarter
revenue is what's weighing on the stock.
On top of that, shares were up 12% this
year heading into the print. So, the
[music] bar was high and it did not meet
it. John
>> Yara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
on a radar this morning. The president
claiming his pick to lead the Federal
Reserve, Kevin Walsh, can drive the US
to incredible economic growth.
>> We should be at 15%. If I'll tell you,
if our new head of the Fed, who I think
is going to be great, and he's he's a
really high quality person, but if he
does the job that he's capable, we can
grow at 15%. I think more than that. The
president also saying it was a big
mistake to pick Fch Pal who was pushed
by the former Treasury Secretary Steven
Minutuchin. Elsewhere, President Trump
threatening to block the opening of a
bridge connecting Michigan and Ontario
until Canada quote treats the US with
the fairness and respect that we
deserve. His comments coming as the two
nations prepare to renegotiate USMCA.
And finally, Alphabet selling at least
$9.4 billion in sterling and Swiss Frank
denominated bonds, including an ultra
rare 100year note. The debt sale coming
as the tech giant plans to spend as much
as $185
billion this year on its AI buildout.
>> We're getting more details about the
100red-year bond sale, which is really
notable considering how rare this
actually is. They received alpha
alphabet received more than seven times
the orders for this sale of a
100red-year debt in the United Kingdom.
Which just highlights that yes, you have
a lot of naysayers saying why would
anyone buy into a story that is based on
the most modern and current technology a
100red years out potentially this will
look like the horse and buggy. Well,
whoever wants it, they want it in bulk
and that's what we seem to be seeing in
markets.
>> We said at the start of the program that
sterling is a natural denomination for
an issue this long. there's that kind of
demand out there in the UK in the
sterling debt market. This is not a
natural issuer for debt this long.
Usually, it's a sovereign, a university,
an institution that's been around for
centuries already. So, it's curious that
we're seeing this for the first time
since 1997 and obvious comparisons will
be made to that period.
>> Well, Motorola was the last one to do it
in 1997 in terms of a tech company. And
people are saying, is this the peak? I
don't know if you can say this is the
peak and I will just say uh objectively
taking a look at how much demand there
is. The fact that we've been saying that
this could be the peak and that people
are pushing back and saying okay I'm
going fists in let's go just highlights
how much people are rejecting that
narrative.
>> Well let's stick with tech. TSMC also
reporting a record surge in revenue
signaling strong demand for data center
chips. Mike Pal of Black Rockck weighing
in on the AI trade writing the
following. Recent moves suggest this is
not hype or bubble behavior, but markets
adjusting to disruptive technology.
There has never been a more important
time for active investing. Mike joins us
now for more. Mike, good morning.
>> Great to be with you.
>> Before we build on that, I'd love your
reaction to the issue that's come from
Alphabet and more broadly the
hyperscalers and the amount of debt they
will be issuing and the amount of demand
there is for it on the other side.
>> Yeah, I mean I might just make two
points. I mean, one to your point, Lisa,
you know, there continues to be ample
demand for debt out there of all
different varieties. I mean, one thing I
was looking at to go to the story you
you highlighted about uh the news we
heard from China overnight, you know,
looking at just the market for US
treasuries, if you roll back the clock
15 years ago, the buyer base was 50/50
between foreign and domestic. Today,
it's 7525, 7030. Just highlights that,
you know, this has been a longunning
trend. there's been a huge change in the
composition but there's continued to be
really strong demand. I think similarly
when you look at something like the
alphabet issuance I mean what we've seen
in markets recently is you know a change
in the composition of the AI thesis but
if anything that thesis deepening so I
think both of those things that
longunning demand for highquality paper
combined with if anything the deepening
of conviction in AI and markets even as
that's changed highlights to me you know
this is something we're going to see
more of. We've had about 10 years of
price action in the space of one month
and 10 days so far this year. You came
into the new year pro risk. Is your
conviction higher or lower now?
>> You know, I think that the the
interesting thing in the market this
year is it just highlights that um every
choice is an active choice. Uh that you
know one of the things we were saying
coming into the year is you know even
just to take basic index exposures
you're making an active choice. If you t
take something like the market cap S&P,
you're making a pretty high conviction
bet in the ongoing outperformance of the
mega caps and that expression of the AI
theme. If you take something like the
S&P equal weight, you're taking a view
that that that's not going to play out.
And and what we've seen this year is
that that S&P equal weight is where the
overperformance has been exactly as that
AI thesis has changed shape and and
reflected a different aspect than what
we saw last year. Well, it's fair to say
what is your framework as you are as an
active investor and as we're talking
about this capex boom, especially as
we're going to get all this economic
data, there's a real question, how much
will it get to the underlying economy to
help fuel that broadening out? Torson
has a note that's pretty provocative out
this morning saying that AI only
benefits tech companies when it comes to
increasing their profitability. Do you
agree with that? Do you think that
ultimately that is going to be kind of a
bifurcated story that doesn't hit the
underlying economy? I guess like my view
there is that's not exactly what we've
seen getting reflected in markets
year-to- date. You know, if you look at
places where we've outperformed and and
you guys have talked about it here, it's
been the physical over the digital. I
mean, we've seen places like uh
commodities and commodity producers.
We've seen spaces like energy. We've
seen places like industrials and
cyclicals more broadly have a
significant run of outperformance.
That's been reflected in the US equity
market. It's also been reflected in
global equity markets and where we've
seen outperformance like in emerging
markets like in Asia X Japan like in
Japan itself. I guess like my my view is
you know when we look at markets year to
date it's a little bit the other side of
that thesis from Torston. Do you have to
treat the United States, and I'm saying
this delicately, more like an emerging
market as you hear the president say
things like he wants to see the growth
rate above 15%, which usually is more of
a developing market trend than a
developed market one?
>> I think what I would highlight is when
you look at the ongoing quality of the
US corporate sector, it's very clear
there's no market quite like the United
States uh anywhere in the world. Then
yes, are there going to be moments of
policy uncertainty, moments of
geopolitical uncertainty? Sure, that's
what we've come to expect over the last
uh period of time. But also, I think
markets have shown that they can absorb
that. They can digest that and they can
look through to ultimately the economic
fundamentals and the corporate
>> not taking that prem.
>> Wow, that was that was really
not that diplomatic. Wow.
>> That's not a headline [laughter]
diplomat on the air. It actually is
diplomacy.
>> Oh my goodness. Black Rock, third world
country. That [laughter] is not the
headline. No,
>> I mean I was trying.
>> Not the headline. I won this.
>> And then I saw that complete pun. We
think that the United States is a deep
liquid market. You have to look at all
these things.
>> This is not going to work for Larry Fank
or Mike Kyle. But Mike, you [laughter]
you worked on Pennsylvania Avenue and
you work on Wall Street. We've have been
having this discussion all day about
what AI actually could mean for the
everyday consumer. High electricity
prices, potentially job loss. What do
you think is going to be the policy
response? I mean, the anthropic CEO is
meeting with Elizabeth Warren today.
There is going to be a much more
specific focus in Washington on what all
of this means for everyday Americans. I
guess I'd say when we look at the AI
buildout, there are a range of
constraints that are going to have to be
navigated. There are energy constraints,
there are financing constraints, there
are political and policy constraints. I
think right now, and my colleague Way
Lee was saying this the other day, the
binding constraint is energy. And
there's a lot of work to do including
frankly in the policy and regulatory
space around permitting to relax that
that bottleneck and to create more
energy supply like what we're seeing in
other parts of the world. I do think as
we roll the clock forward uh there's
going to be a lot of focus on navigating
the emergence of political constraints
as well. Clearly uh AI the AI buildout
is a is a growing political issue and I
think it's going to take a lot of focus
from policy makers uh more broadly to to
clear the space to create positive some
build out there.
>> You mentioned anthropic. I'm fascinated
by anthropic the headlines and the
marketing around that name and we were
exploring this at the end of last week
just whether they are really punching
above their weight in ways that maybe
their market position doesn't really
justify. Yeah. And how many of the
headlines we're seeing around this
company are really just about the preIPO
road show. And I said, you know, last
week I just felt like the road show had
started philanthropic. These are the
headlines they want us to be talking
about. Highly disruptive. It's going to
lead to all of these job cuts because
the technology is that powerful.
>> Yeah. And then you start digging in and
that's what people have been doing over
the past couple of days. What are the
capacity? What are the capabilities
potentially? You're right. And that's
the reason why you saw software stocks
bounce. There is this question though
hanging over the entirety of the sector
that we don't understand what is going
to get disrupted and in what time frame.
A lot of that is TBD. Anthropic
certainly does have the upper hand on
that and congratulations for some great
ads during the Super Bowl.
>> They had they did have great ads during
the Super Bowl. Um and OpenAI had
something to say about that. You can go
look at a very long tweet from Sam
Ultman. But when it comes to the this
idea of you have to justify the capex
spend and that is what Ben Affleck said
a lot of these companies are doing when
he was asked about Joe Rogan and how AI
is changing Hollywood. He's like all of
these companies have to justify all this
spending they have which is why they're
coming out with these huge pronouncers.
>> I have to say he sounded like a
fantastic southside strategist.
>> I know if
>> I'm trying to book him
>> just in case he wants to give up the
act. I don't know. Mike, it's good to
see you. Thank you sir. Mike P of Black
Rockck one of the very best breaking
down this market. Let's give you an
update on stories worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Here's Yahihara with
more. Hey yara.
>> Hi John. More details emerging on
Alphabet's turn to the global debt
market. The Google parent is selling
around $9.5 billion worth of bonds
denominated in pound sterling and Swiss
Franks. The sterling offering drawing
high demand with a record $32.8 billion
worth of bids. It follows [music]
yesterday's $20 billion sevenpart debt
sale. Meanwhile, Standard Chartered CFO
Diego Deorgio resigning to take a role
with Apollo. Deorgio joined the bank in
2023 and was seen as one of the front
runners to eventually replace longtime
CEO Bill Winters. He will move to Apollo
[music] as a partner and head of Europe,
the Middle East, and Africa. And
President Donald Trump is scheduled to
travel to China in April. The White
House saying there are no exact dates
yet [music] for his visit with Chinese
leader Xiinping. That's after Politico
reported Trump would head to Beijing to
meet Xi [music] in the first week of
April. The report says the two leaders
could potentially meet four times this
year as their trade truce holds. That's
your Bloomberg brief. John [music]
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
Up next on the program, big tech debt
bench.
>> We're seeing these capex [music] numbers
increase so quickly and they're really
outpacing operating cash flow. So, it
[music] brings up this sustainability
question. If they're planning to
continue capex at this pace, they really
do need to start [music] issuing debt.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Matthew
Mesh of UBS live from New York City.
You're watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
just turning slightly lower in the last
15 minutes or so. No drama. Down by not
even a tenth of 1% on the S&P 500
following a two-day rally of 2.5%. A
two-day techheavy rally [music] in
yesterday's session. Particularly the
financials started to struggle just a
little bit. We snapped a 5-day winning
run of regional banks grinded in higher.
Massive run for some of those names.
Elsewhere on the NASDAQ, just about
positive by not even a tenth of 1% and
unchanged on the Russell. The action
[music] is very much elsewhere in fixed
income. Under Savannah this morning, big
techs debt binge.
We're seeing these capex [music] numbers
increase so quickly and they're really
outpacing operating cash flow. So, it
brings up the sustainability question.
[music]
If they're planning to continue capex at
this pace, they really do need to start
issuing debt. Year to date, we've
already seen capex for 2026 expectations
increase 16%. So that really drives our
expectation the directions can [music]
continue to go up in terms of the capex.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
Alphabet tapping the global debt market
and seeing record demand. The offerings
including a rare 100-year bond
denominated in pound sterling. Matthew
Mish of UBS writing, "We see IG techch
issuance growing significantly fueled by
hyperscalers increasing supply in EU
markets." Matthew joins us now for more.
Matthew, welcome to the program. What a
morning to have this conversation with
you, sir. What kind of numbers are you
setting clients up for in the year
ahead? How big could this issuance be?
>> Yeah, I mean, we uh have been moving our
estimates gradually higher. I think last
year we had over 200 billion of IG
supply uh more broadly in global
markets. We had call it 600 700 billion
and this year we've been moving IG
higher. Uh we're now kind of north of
300 billion. And we think more broadly
global tech issuance led by AI is really
going to be hitting uh over a trillion
dollars this year with an expectation
again of a run rate of call it uh almost
uh growing 100% or doubling every two
years. So it really is uh monumental and
it raises the question of uh a if the
market can digest all of that supply but
more importantly the conversation we've
been having with clients over the last
week is really uh if AI [clears throat]
continues to develop at the rate that it
does and penetrate in the enterprise
space how disruptive is it going to be
uh for companies uh and a lot of the
credit markets uh where you know a lot
of these um uh securities were
underwritten really when AI was just
coming into four or even before AI. So
it really raises the question of
disruption and then ultimately the
outlook for credit risk.
>> Well, let's start with demand, Matt, and
then we can get to the disruption. Who's
the natural buyer of all of this? When
you get a 100-year issue in a place like
the UK, sterling denominated debt, when
you get issuance of this size and we see
it massively oversubscribed, where's the
demand coming from?
>> I mean, a lot of it is institution uh
institutional investors. its pensions,
its life insurance companies. uh that
demand for longduration assets has
always been uh existent in the market
and to be honest outside of a few areas
uh the US really as an example in the US
credit market it's hard to get long
duration uh in the portfolio or on the
book and so I think a lot of this is
really coming from the core
institutional client base and and our
conversations uh certainly with those
investors would indicate that there is a
der of supply at the long end of the
curve across fixed income um and they
want see more particularly if it is in
the corporate market where they get a
little bit more spread um and can hit uh
yield bogeies that they're looking again
in many cases to either asset liability
manage uh or uh essentially just lock in
higher yields for a long period of time.
>> Matt, let's get to the disruption side
of the story that you've been referred
saying. You've talked about how this is
going to potentially uh create a lot of
potholes in the credit markets. Can you
give a sense of the scope of how much
disruption you think that that that
would be and put some numbers to that?
>> Yeah, it's a great question. Um, look,
we've run a scenario where you have
rapid um and severe disruption. So, you
could think of the market as expecting
disruption uh really just a few weeks
ago. I would say more of a 27 28 2029
issue. The market is pulling that
forward and the key question we're
getting is the timing. So in the
scenario that I'm outlining, we
essentially assume the timing happens by
the end of the year and it's very severe
disruption. So the developments on uh
the AI side related to some of the new
models that have been released uh Claude
or Gemini, the expectation in this
scenario is that you continue uh to
elevate and improve or accelerate uh the
model development at a nonlinear rate.
If that's the case, we generally think
that you have exposures that are largest
in loan markets. So private credit and
leverage loans in particular we think
have about 30% uh of the portfolio in
private credit and about 15 to 20% in
leverage loans that uh is essentially uh
high disruption uh in terms of the
categorization that we give from a
default rate perspective if that
scenario materializes and it is a tail
risk for us at this point uh we think
default rates could go up materially and
so for leverage loans we think they go
up 6 7% uh for private credit you could
see essentially about an 8 or a 9%
increase. But the key question really
that we and everyone are asking is what
is the timing as it becomes more and
more evident that disruption will
happen? Uh and uh again the timing is
really the key question that everyone is
asking us.
>> Matt, do you have a sense of what kind
of expectation there is internally among
private credit managers in terms of
defaults? In other words, how protected
they are against some of these tail
risks in the case of severe disruption.
>> Yeah, I think look, the asset class has
had a very strong performance over the
last decade. It's been a great place to
invest. Um, and managers, to answer your
question, don't expect that to last
forever. So, I think in a world where
you have default rates, uh, there's a
number of different metrics obviously
for where private credit defaults are.
Right now we generally say 3 to five or
about 4%. The market is expecting and
managers are expecting an increase an
increase of a few hundred basis points.
So two to 300 basis points is still kind
of our baseline. I would say that that's
manageable again after a decade of very
good returns with very low losses. Um it
really is the case where if you get a
significant spike in default rates um
and in general we would suggest that
number goes from 4% to something like 10
uh or 15% so low double digits uh that I
think you'll see more problems in the
system and that's pretty consistent uh
Lisa with what we see traditionally
which is you know average default rates
for high yield or leverage loans about
4% um you know markets can work and
participants can work through that type
of a default outcome
It really is when you get a spike to
kind of that 8 10 uh or even 10 to 15%
level uh that you start to see more
spillover and you start to see somewhat
of a vicious cycle in terms of contagion
uh to other parts of the market, the
credit market and also into the
financial sector.
>> So Matt, that's the piece of it that I'm
interested in, the prospect of
contagion. I'm going to try and find
some positive spin and you can maybe
push back if you want by all means. But
Matt, if the disruption's that great on
one side, is the margin improvement
elsewhere going to be fantastic to
offset some of this? And how bifocated
could the market become?
>> Yeah, I think dispersion or bifurcation
is a great term. That's still how we're
thinking about it in the base case. Um
because the reality is if there are
winners from disruption, uh the new
challenger challengers in the
marketplace that are taking share in
theory if you it depends on the asset
that you own. So, if you own equity, if
you own private equity, you're going to
have parts of the portfolio that should
do quite well uh in terms of share price
performance. And then you may have parts
of the portfolio uh that are quote
unquote losers uh or uh disadvantaged by
AI. Um but on balance, that's a that's a
riskreward that isn't necessarily to
your point negative. Um the problem in
the loan market is just the structure of
the loans are such that if you have a
winner uh or AI let's say either the
firm is a leader um or a challenger that
wins in AI or is able to use that
technology to improve uh operating
fundamentals. Most of those loans are
either traded or marked currently at par
and if they trade above par or they
appreciate normally they get refinanced.
So you lose the upside in a credit
portfolio but you're exposed to the
downside. Matt SM, thank you, sir. One
of the best conversations we've had in
the last month for sure. Matthew Mish
there of UBS on the credit market, just
a clinic. I think it's fair to say
>> the reason why people want the upside
risk of equities [music] and not
necessarily the downside risk of some of
the riskier credit.
>> Up next on the program, we'll catch up
with Michael Canowitz of Piper Sandler,
Craig Deco of EY Pathon, Christina Cman
of Invesco, and a whole lot more. The
third hour of Bloomberg Surveillance up
next.
We're trying to diversify the tech
trade.
>> It's all part of that rotation story
that we're talking about.
>> We need almost those big tech companies
to be performing well and delivering.
>> The opportunity set for small caps has
[music] become a bit more narrow. The
net of everything is that it seems to be
more about positioning, valuation, and
sentiment recalibration, not a deeper
growth scare.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now,
and your scores look like this. Equity
futures rolling over. We're down by a
tenth of 1% following two days of gains
on the S&P 500. down by 0.1 also on the
NASDAQ 100 later on this morning. It's
about 30 minutes away. The first data
point in a long long string of [music]
data points for the week ahead. Retail
sales at 8:30 Eastern time before
payrolls tomorrow.
>> Is this a boom economy? Ultimately, that
is what this entire [music] market is
leveraged to that this will be an
economy that is being run hot without
the inflation and with a huge [music]
capex boom. Do we get the ratification
of that in the numbers leading with
retail sales which have been completely
skewed by the upper end of the K. So are
we going to see a continuation of that
or are we going to see a broadening out
in terms of the [music] types of sales
that really are driving this?
>> I saw a note out of Bank of America a
little bit earlier on this morning from
Adich who basically said, "Do you see
any weakness in the spending numbers?
Fade it because they're bullish growth
and things are going to pick up in the
year ahead." And the president hopes
they're right.
>> Oh, he does. And he's out what he says
he has to sell the economy right now.
That's why he's talking about [music]
15% GDP, maybe more in terms of that's
what Kevin Walsh could deliver. Kevin
Worsh [music] has a growing to-do list.
At the same time, you have City coming
out with a note saying we see more risk
to markets if spending is weaker than
expected. [music]
It's going to be a real testament when
we get a lot of this data this week.
Retail sales, jobs, and CPI. What is
going on on our underlying economy?
Because we know where the growth is
coming from, and it's coming from these
hyperscalers.
>> They are spending a lot of money,
issuing a lot of debt. And guess what?
This market is supporting that buildout
big time. Alphabet with a big bond issue
in the last 24 hours. Yesterday in
dollars, today in Swissy and in sterling
and the market sucking it all up.
>> Seven times subscribed, oversubscribed
when you see the 100year tunch over in
the UK. Uh they were able to sell
plenty. You saw the same kind of trend
in the United States where they were
going to sell $15 billion worth of
bonds. It was a $20 billion and it was
five times subscribed oversubscribed. So
it raises the question of how much
further this can go. Clearly there is
plenty of cash to be put to work. People
are absorbing it. People are saying go,
go, go. We want to see these buildout
plan. Is there a constraint for smaller
companies? Is this going to only fuel
something that's going to come to roose
later? I know I sound like a worry wart,
but we can talk about that later.
>> Well, you should be worried because
there obviously are risks, especially
Jonathan, and you point out all the time
that these are companies that are tech
companies and now all of a sudden
they're going to be retail companies or
energy companies. Megan talked about
$250 billion this year in terms of
borrowing. Jonathan, you brought up
Morgan Stanley, $400 billion. And I saw
Moody's with the stat that AI related
infrastructure spending over the course
of 5 years will [music] be $3 trillion.
It's an insane amount of money that's
almost hard to really understand and
grapple with.
>> As [music] things stand, this bond
market is not pushing back. Equities
rolling over just a touch. We're down by
a tenth of 1%. Coming up, we'll catch
[music] up with Michael Caneritz of
Piper Sandler with stocks hovering
around all-time highs. Greg Do of EY
breaking down the latest retail sales
data and Christina Campman of Invesco as
US dollar concerns continue to grow. We
begin this hour with stocks holding
steady aiming for a third consecutive
day of gains. Michael Catitz of Piper
Sandler writing, "We're in the midst of
the first fundamental rotation in
markets since 21 and we continue to
prefer value cyclicals as the backdrop
broadens out." Michael joins us now for
more. Michael, welcome to the program.
As you've noticed, we've had years years
of this market economic bifocation. Are
we starting to see some of that unwind?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Uh and unwind, I
think, is is the right way to think
about it. In a sense, we're beginning to
go through the opposite of what we saw
start to take place in 2023 where AI was
booming and it was the only thing where
earnings were picking up at the time
where the rest of the economy was really
starting to suffer from the price shock
of 2022. and the resultant increase in
interest rates from the Fed and on long
long long bonds and the mortgage rate.
So the good news is that unemployment
has gone up. Yes. And that's good news
because it's helped to bring down
interest rates, inflation, and energy
prices over the last two years, which
now sets us up for a broadening macro
backdrop for the first time since late
2020.
>> So Michael, if that's the trade, let's
talk about how to play it. So
traditionally at the index level as you
know when price apprec appreciation is
elsewhere and Lizan Sonis the Schwab's
done a great job on this price
contribution is still coming from the
same place the heavy lifting is done by
tech given the waiting on the S&P 500
with that in mind how do you want to
play the story this year
>> yeah it's it's really outside certainly
the the mag 7 and the largest tech
growth stocks that have done really well
and it's not to take away from them
necessarily but we're certainly seeing
more questions about future
profitability
future debt raising to fuel a lot of
this capex and have uh free cash flows
obviously grinding to a halt at a time
where we're seeing parts of the economy
essentially wake up for the first time
in about four years. So we've
recommended for investors to move down
and out and that's down in market
capitalization and out of large growth
stocks and into cyclicals and that means
uh sectors like financials, industrials,
energy uh and some consumer areas and
out uh as in uh outside of the US uh
because there's much more cyclical
exposure in global markets outside of uh
the S&P 500. Michael, how broad is the
uh broadening out when it comes to the
economic benefits that we're seeing from
the artificial intelligence boom that
we're seeing at the big tech names? I
mean, this is sort of the ultimate
question, right? How much of this
broadening out is because of AI and how
much is it in spite of AI because of
some of the uh incentives that have been
given to really uh engage in capital
expenditures?
I would say it's the bulk of the
broadening out is really from old school
classic macroeconomics
in in what I mentioned earlier that
interest rates have been coming down and
there's a lot of fiscal stimulus this
year. Some of it I would say the
broadening out has come from the AI area
or the AI trade. uh in one sense we've
seen multiple compression in the NASDAQ
over the last few months as investors
seek to diversify away from again what
was the only area growing earnings and
then yes the buildout of AI is moving
clearly just beyond the hyperscalers and
the benefits of AI while not strongly
broad-based are clearly starting to to
show up in company comments and company
fundamentals but that's got a long way
to go but this story to me is really
about cyclical stimulus coming from
monetary and fiscal policy.
>> You have a phrase uh in some of your
notes that I think is really
interesting. You said that our outlook
for the economy and markets can be
summarized in one simple phrase. Stocks
will have to earn their returns. What
does earning their returns look like
based on the fact that we've seen some
results that have been really positive
with positive projections that beat
expectations and then the stocks have
been punished for expectations beyond
their control.
>> Yeah. Well, a lot of that's taken place
again in some of the larger cap AI
related names. What we mean by that is
the last three years there's been AI
earnings which have driven large cap
growth stocks up phenomenally. Plus,
they've had the benefit of multiple
expansion that's taken place across the
equity market from interest rates and
inflation coming down since 2023. Now,
if you're a small cap uh investor,
you've you've only really seen multiple
expansion. You've not seen better
earnings data in three years. Now, as we
start to see the macro economy begin to
heal and positive data points in
manufacturing, transportation, housing
activity, uh that's corresponding with
some better earnings breath. So, while
the market's been led by both AI
earnings and broad PE expansion the last
three years, we think the story going
forward is really all about incremental
earnings. No more P expansion from here,
but the incremental earnings is going to
show are going to show up in areas of
the economy that again have been kind of
left behind for for many years now.
>> When it comes to the broadening out, is
it based on the rate cuts we've already
had or you're expecting more from a new
Federal Reserve under Kevin Worsh?
>> No, it's it's based on what's already
taking place. You know, I would argue we
don't need more rate cuts at this point.
A year ago, two years ago, and three
years ago, you did because there was no
improvement going on or taking place or
set to take place in the macro data or
in the breath of earnings data. Now,
we've seen earnings broaden out for the
last uh quarter, quarter and a half. And
all the stimulus that's taken place over
the last two years that's also being
combined with the fiscal stimulus this
year is already in place to to continue
uh evolving this soft landing we're
seeing the economy. So, no, we don't
think we need to see more rate cuts to
get to where our uh our preferences are
within the market.
>> You don't think we need it, but do you
think we're going to get it?
>> Uh, we may get another cut or two.
However, I would say we're not going to
see a cut because we're seeing a spike
in unemployment. We may actually see
some better inflation data in the next
several months, which may allow uh
another rate cut to take place. Our view
on employment is that we're going to
continue to see some sluggishness, but
we're not concerned we're going to see a
spike in the unemployment rate. So, kind
of more of the same with respect to
employment. And our view on interest
rates is that they're going to stay
somewhat rangebound at a at this lower
level uh especially on the long end. And
and that's good news. Again, I I I I
would argue it's good news that we have
softer employment in the context of it
helps to provide relief for uh parts of
the rate sensitive economy like housing
and manufacturing which are already
starting to show up.
>> Michael, it's good to see you.
Interesting thoughts. Michael Contravitz
there of Piper Sandler talking about
rates. Yields lower across the curve
today. The front end of the curve down
one, two's at 347, 10 at the moment down
three of 417. Later on this morning,
about 20 minutes away, we'll talk about
US retail sales. The story of the moment
though is the amount of issuance we're
seeing from the hyperscalers including
Alphabet in the last 24 hours. The capex
intentions are skyhigh. 650 billion
across four names and it might get
bigger. This from Sevita Subramanium
over at Bank of America. Hyperscalers 25
capex revised up by a whopping 30% since
reporting 24 results at this time last
year suggesting upside risk for AI capex
from here. And we've heard that from a
few people in the last few days
>> and that's been the path of travel. I
mean, if you think about even Alphabet,
$185 billion for 2026 in terms of capex
plans, that's double what we saw last
year. I mean, the increase that we've
seen so far has been exponential. How
much can they continue that? I mean, if
you think about a once in a generation
buildout, is this going to be over two
years? Is it over three years? Or is it
exponential for six years? Because at a
certain point, people are going to put
up the stop sign and say, "I've got
enough hundred-year debt."
>> Existential risk. That's what they think
they're facing, right? Which is why
they've been so aggressive. and they've
got the balance sheet to do it and the
debt markets come along for the ride if
they wanted to.
>> What's the ultimate goal though? I mean,
I keep going back to this. Is it just
absolute intelligence that's going to
disrupt humanity? Is it, you know, the
idea of, you know, just simply
disrupting some of these basic
industries? And I think that's an
important question because none of these
big tech founders can answer that. What
is the applicative uh uh the application
for all of this technology that's going
to lead to real world gains? have to
eventually see that in order to justify
some of these really ambitious plans.
>> You want to see the proof in the
pudding. But the issue is right now when
it comes to all these tech companies,
they just don't want to be left behind.
And it is a race right now. So if you
see Meta doubling down and spending X,
Alphabet comes out and says, "Well,
actually, we're going to top you." And
that is what the race is right now until
potentially they start hitting some of
these risks,
>> which generates a lot of questions. But
here's my one. What does that mean for
OpenAI and the big capital raise we're
about to see in the next year? Because
these are the guys with the balance
sheets to do it. These are the guys
already putting up the revenue numbers.
Never mind the promise of revenue in the
future. They can cover it with internal
operations. That's done. They're fine.
Alphabet's got the means to do this. And
if they want to get really aggressive,
they can make it even more uncomfortable
for the likes of OpenAI.
>> The key question embedded in that, and I
think it's a really good question, is
how intertwined are their business
models with OpenAI? How much are they
dependent on some of the chat GPT and
related models that OpenAI has developed
in order to continue to apply some of
the technology or are they developing
their own internal competitors with the
likes of Sam Alman's company? How much
are we going to see that also from
Anthropic? These are some of the
reasons. I mean Nvidia, why are they
investing so much in OpenAI? They need
to have some diversification as Google
creates its own chip to try to compete
with Nvidia. So this is going to be a
very complicated and competitive
landscape. There's a big 10 months ahead
of us, that's for sure. Equity features
rolling over just a touch. We're down by
more than a tenth of 1% with an update
on stories worldwide this morning with
your Bloomberg brief. Here's Yahara.
Hey, Yahara.
>> Hi John. [music] We're seeing Spotify
shares rising more than 8% in the
pre-market after reporting a record
setting number for monthly active users
added in the fourth quarter. The company
crediting [music] its success to the
endofear wrapped campaign and the launch
of an enhanced free tier around the
world as contributing to [music] the
growth.
Meanwhile, President Donald Trump says
his pick for Fed Chair Kevin Walsh will
be able to drive the US economy to
[music] a 15% growth rate. Trump says
Worsh was the runner up [music] in his
last search for a Fed chair. And it was
a big mistake to pick Jay Powell, who
was pushed by former Treasury Secretary
Steven Minutuchin. [music]
Worships confirmation, though, may be
delayed due to a Justice Department
probe. and billionaire Meta Platforms
Meta founder Mark Zuckerberg is [music]
planning to buy a property in the Miami
area. Sources telling us here at
Bloomberg that Zuckerberg and his wife
Priscilla [music] Chan are looking at
purchasing a property on Indian Creek, a
man-made island known as Billionaire's
[music] Bunker. Residents of the ultra
seccure enclave include Jared Kushner
and Ivanka Trump, Jeff Bezos, Carl Icon,
and [music] Tom Brady. Funny, he already
knows who his neighbors are. That's your
Bloomberg brief. John,
>> lucky him. Yeah, Harry, thanks for the
update. Thank you very much.
>> What a quinky dink. Who would have
thought?
>> You know,
>> I mean,
>> these guys have got property everywhere.
How much signal can you take from that?
>> How about for I mean, honestly,
>> it's the bankers in New Zealand that
concern me.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, they're the ones
that kind of like freak me out.
>> Well, as long as they don't have a go
bag and a spaceship in their backyard to
go to space, are they ready to go? Yeah.
>> Are they ready to run away from?
>> Exactly. If they have their own island
with oxygen supplies, you know, let's
not get there. [music]
>> Cause for concern. Up next on the
program, the Morning Calls. Plus,
Alphabet becoming the latest tech giant,
borrowing big in the race to fuel AI
spending. That conversation up next,
live from New York City this morning.
Good morning.
This is not an economy that requires a
significant amount of job growth behind
it. We're used to an environment where
growth is a rising tide that lifts all
boats. Not so in this particular
environment. Despite these high growth
numbers that are likely to come through
this [music] quarter in the next few
months, you are still going to see the
issues that have weighed on Americans
over the past few [music] years persist.
That was Francis Donald of RBC. You
could have a scenario once again where
GDP is close to three and payroll growth
is muted for a whole bunch of reasons.
That could [music] be the story we see
again this morning with retail sales at
8:30 Eastern time and then again
tomorrow [music] morning with payrolls
on deck and we're looking for a number
around 70k going into the opening bow. 1
hour and 12 minutes away. Equity futures
on the S&P [music] pulling back by.1%.
Likewise on the NASDAQ 100. That's the
price action. Here are your morning
calls. First up, Barclay's raising its
price target on FedEx to 450, citing its
rising businessto business market share.
[music] Your second call from Piper
Sander raising its price target on on
semi to 75, saying it AI data center
business is resulting in growth. And
finally, Morgan Stanley resuming
coverage of Qualcomm with an underweight
rating, saying the memory shortage will
create a quote tough environment. The
stock is down. That name is negative by
1.5% in the pre-market. Let's stick with
tech. Alphabet tapping [music] the
global debt market to fuel AI spending.
The hyperscal is sthing seeing record
demand as it looks to raise $9.4 billion
[music]
in pound sterling and Swiss frank
denominated bonds. Bloomberg's Tassos
Velos covers global credit markets for
Bloomberg News and he joins us for more
from London. Tassos, welcome to the
program. Let's just talk about what they
issued and how oversubscribed that debt
issue was.
>> Well, thank you very much. There's no
two ways about it. It was a blockbuster.
These are numbers we have never seen in
the Sterling market before. Just to give
viewers um some kind of backdrop, less
than a year ago, we're talking about
whether the sterling market is becoming
relevant and whether investors should be
looking elsewhere. comes now alphabet
and then we we start seeing something
like 30 billion pounds of of demand um
shortly before coming on air that was
the latest so we are talking about
massive demand uh across a number of uh
markets that these companies haven't
tapped before there was the first time
Alphabet for example is coming on the
sterling market and you know it's it's
been something that we may not see again
for a while unless another hyperscaler
of course comes forward and starts
issuing big as well.
>> For those on the outside looking in who
aren't familiar with the sterling debt
market, specifically the credit market
and more broadly the sovereign debt
market, too. What is it that's unique
about the sterling debt market that
makes it the natural place to make an
issue with a duration this long?
>> Um, yes, and we'll get to that because
today was actually rather iconic. Um, in
very few it's it's mostly insuranceances
insurance providers and pension funds.
they have very longdated liabilities.
They need to cover that with very
longdated bonds. So this is why you tend
to see um issues more than 10 years long
coming to the market. But what we have
seen from Alphabet and this it's a bond
that everyone's talking about is the
100year bond that they brought to the
market. This is a bet that Alphabet will
be around in one way, shape or form for
the next hundred years to pay you
interest every single year and mature
you know well after we've left this
world. Is this a good template, Tasos,
for other hyperscalers that have to sell
debt given that it seems like there is
ample demand from the pension funds and
the insurance companies in the UK for
something like this? In other words, is
the Europe going to be an increasing
destination to finance US hyperscaler
needs?
>> Yes, and everyone's ready for it and
everyone's willing to buy that as well.
We've had 32 weeks of consecutive funds
into your investment grade funds.
Investment managers here are are flushed
with cash. They want supply. There is
some supply obviously from domestic
players but they the amount of capex
they want to see from hyperscalers is
well beyond what what you get from the
entire debt market here. So all of this
is going to be wellreceived and actually
people have already started talking
about who could potentially be the next
hyperscalers come to the market. So
there's a real question here, Tasos,
going forward about how much we end up
with a European market that has lots of
money that starts looking at US tech
companies as an alternative to uh
government debt in the United in the
United Kingdom and frankly to
[clears throat] Europe more broadly. I
mean how are you seeing this price? Do
we have any sense of that?
uh there's people have already started
talking about the the implications of it
because before the this issuance um both
alphabet and previous issuances from
other happy scalers we tended to like
view US and European credit as silos and
then thinking of the US being more um
linked to the the performance of the US
economy for example and Europe being
more linked to the performance of the
European economy um but now they're
becoming much more merged uh now that
the names that you start seeing being in
the market. We had lots of issuance from
other um US companies in Europe last
year, but the sheer volume that we're
going to see from hyperscalers are going
to bring those um those two two
economies together. So suddenly as a as
a European credit manager, you have
exposure to both the European cycle and
the US cycle, which is something that
for many people is going to be the first
time they have to do it.
>> Do you think we're going to see another
100red-year note specifically from
another hyperscaler?
Well, this 100red-year note received the
most demand out of all sterling
trenches. That tells you a lot. I I
think uh that was they covered the
amount issued by 10 times. People wanted
people just really went for it. Um so
that is uh yeah, that's a template for
for anyone else to do it. Of course, you
put um your your money and and your
faith into a certain hyperscaler
remaining at the top of their game and
being around for the next 100 years to
pay you um interest and and the um the
principle of maturity. So, it is a leap
of faith to a certain extent, but today
it showed that people are willing to
take it. Someone else's problem, Tasos,
you know that. It's good to see you.
Thank you, sir. Tasos Wos there breaking
things down in the UK for us. The demand
for duration, let's put it that way. Got
an interesting note just moments ago. I
thought it was a really good point.
Let's pair the story with the Treasury
Bessent and Walsh together with what
we're seeing from Alphabet. But if you
do believe you're going to be staffed at
duration because the Treasury is going
to bring things forward and tighten
things up, then maybe it's these guys
that got to fill the gap.
>> I'm just thinking Alphabet has some
really good bond traders in their seuite
because ultimately they are timing this
market perfectly and giving them the
supply. Not only do they have the
hundred-year piece uh over in the United
Kingdom, but they're talking about
40-year debt here in the United States.
So, we're talking about long duration
assets that are filling a void that
might be uh left by Treasury Secretary
Scott Besset and others.
>> We're going to see more of this in the
year ahead. Lots more. And I keep going
back to the conversation we've had with
Osan Kuan of Wells Fargo yesterday. the
numbers could get bigger and this could
go on a whole lot longer than you
anticipate because of the names and the
companies with the balance sheets that
are involved right now. They have the
ability to do more and do more for
longer.
>> I think it's worth continuing to ask
what is the end point, right? Because
usually a capex cycle or an industrial
buildout has an end point and right now
I'm not sure anyone sees it or
understands it. Which is the reason why
Reynold Strategy put out a note this
morning saying it is definitely a
debtfueled AI bubble. it will end, but
not in the near term because there still
is all this appetite. There are still
questions though. What will the large
language models accomplish? How well
will they be able to replicate human
intelligence and fulfill some of these
roles that are currently occupied by
human design software and beyond? And I
think that we have to keep looking at
the science behind what this
accomplishes before we start pricing in
exactly what the benefits are going to
be.
>> Equities on the S&P down by not even a
tenth of 1% in the bond market. yield to
lower by three basis points on 10's 417.
Up next, the latest round of resales
data set to cross. We'll catch up with
Greg Deco of EY in just [music] a
moment. And Mike McKe will break down
the numbers for you from New York City.
You're watching Bloomberg TV.
At the opening about 60 minutes away
with equities pulling back by not even a
tenth of 1% on the S&P 500. The [music]
data seconds away in the bond market.
2year and 30-year yields are down.
Yields are lower across the curve. We're
down five on 30s down by four on 10. A
lot of demand out there for fixed income
this morning. The 10-year bond yield at
416 on 30s at 480. Retail sales data
about to break with the number. [music]
Here's Mike McKe. Good morning, Mike.
>> Good morning, John. We're just waiting
for the numbers to drop now. And I
should remind everybody that the retail
sales numbers are from the month of
December. So, they are a month behind
and they're basically uh trying to catch
up at uh the various statistical
agencies while they uh wait for these uh
numbers to come down. Uh the other
number that's going to be important
today is the employment cost index. And
I don't know, it may be that my uh my
connection is slow, but I'm not seeing
the numbers yet here. Uh hopefully they
will drop soon and it's just a uh glitch
back in the servers in Washington and at
this Census Bureau.
>> Mike McKe, we'll let you go because I've
got the numbers in front of you. I
imagine it's an issue on your end, a
technical problem. Michael McKe, they're
breaking down the results. So, let's
start with retail sales month over
month. I'll give you the number and
compare it to the estimates. So, we come
in flat. This is for the month of
December at zero. We were looking for
0.4. The very closely followed retail
sales control group comes in at
negative0.1%.
That's the actual against an estimate of
positive0.4.
Mike was talking about the employment
cost index. That was a downside
surprise. It comes in at 0.7% for the
fourth quarter. The estimate was 0.8,
but that's a downside surprise on retail
sales. I talked about that bid into
bonds going into this data. That bid
sticks. So, we're down by five basis
points on 10 to 415 at the very long end
of the curve on a 30-year yield this
morning. Yields are lower as well. We're
down by five or six basis points to
about 480. In the equity market, equity
futures were a little bit lower and
that's where they stay down by a tenth
of 1%. So, this is the month of
December. Retail sales coming in a
little bit lighter than expected. It's
the wrong kind of downside surprise. Of
course, a negative read. Do you fade it
on the anticipation that we're going to
get some tax refunds in the months
ahead? and this story turns around.
>> You know, this is difficult for me to
really wrap my head around and I want to
see the internals of this because so
many people had said that people brought
forward the spending from the one big
beautiful bill and already took it out
on their credit cards. You see credit
card outstandings that are increasing
that people are actually borrowing ahead
of that. Also, just to add on to that,
the revisions to the prior read were all
revised downward. So, this isn't
necessarily a catchup or a catch down in
terms of what the actual numbers were.
If you take a look at the retail sales
control group, the original reading was
0.4% for the previous month. The actual
the revision 0.2%. So, not only is it a
negative read in this latest reading for
January, but you're also looking at a
downward surprise or excuse me for uh
yeah, you're also for December, excuse
me, you're also seeing a downside
surprise for November. So, this really
does highlight some underlying weakness
that I want to see more explanations to.
>> The revisions aren't great. I look to
those too, especially since we have a
pretty boring number of unchanged. But
this is the month of December. But Lisa,
to your point, how many analysts have
come on this program and said we
actually think that given the fact that
this administration in Washington has
been frontloading and talking about the
fact that you're going to get a massive
tax rebate, that then they use that
money, especially in the month of
December ahead of the holidays, you're
not seeing it today in the data. And
that might be a bit concerning. And
maybe why Kevin Hasset this week was
talking about a little bit of don't
panic when you talked about uh the
employment number. Maybe don't panic
potentially when you look at retail
sales.
>> Payrolls tomorrow morning about 24 hours
away 8:30 Eastern time. If you're just
joining us, welcome. A bit softer than
expected on retail sales. We were
looking for positive 0.4 and we got 0.0.
Greg Dano of EY joins us now for more.
Greg, good morning.
>> Good morning.
>> What do you make of that downside
surprise? How much weight would you put
on it?
>> I think what's very interesting is that
over the course of the past few months,
we were trying to explain where the
strength in consumer spending was coming
from. And we were talking a lot about
polarization. We were talking about the
wealthy uh doing more of their fair
share of spending. We were talking about
credit growth. We were talking about a
savings dip. All of which are real. But
the reality is that the averages are
softer than we had anticipated. So what
this tells us is that even with a
savings dip and the saving rate having
fallen 2 percentage point since April,
even with credit growth being quite
strong in December and even with
affluent consumers still doing more than
their fair share of spending, spending
momentum is softening. Why? Because the
labor market is softening. This is the
key pillar to income growth and in turn
to consumer spending activity. And we
are seeing that labor pillar
start to slow and show slower income
growth.
>> It sounds like you don't think tax
refunds are going to turn this story
around.
>> Well, there was this proposition that
tax refunds were essentially spent ahead
of time, that people were banking on
these tax refunds to spend. That's
rarely the case. And even if they had
done so, there was this question as to
how much more fuel these could bring in
the early part of 2026 with these tax
refunds either being spent or used to
reimburse credit or to replenish
savings. I think that story is one that
we're going to have to pay very close
attention to because yes, there will be
larger tax refunds, but who gets these
tax refunds and how are they being put
to use in an environment where the labor
market is in a deep freeze and where job
opportunities are not as widely
available as they once were and where
income growth is slowing. Real
disposable income growth over the course
of November and into December 1%.
consumer spending in November two and a
half percent and we're seeing as of
today with the retail sales data that
that momentum is slowing going into 26.
>> We spent more than two hours on this
program talking about the boom of the US
economy and how we're going to see a
runit hot type of environment right now
with all of this hyperscaler spending
and then we see spending by the average
consumer that comes in extremely
disappointing and points to a completely
different picture if you watch what they
do not necessarily what they say. How do
these two stories get reconciled?
>> Who benefits from the growth? That is
the key question. We are in an
environment where not everybody is
benefiting from growth. We are seeing an
environment where when you look at
productivity growth, it's quite strong
and I think it's real. It's not
AIdriven. It's driven by businesses
trying to do more in a highcost
environment. So that is real. We're
seeing the gains however benefit a few.
It's a winners takes all type of
environment. It's an environment where a
lot of the gains are acrewing to capital
and not labor. If you look at real wage
growth right now and we're seeing with
the employment cost index that adjusted
for inflation, we're very close to zero.
It's an indication not that the economy
is not benefiting from stronger
productivity growth, but instead that
the gains are not split equally. They're
going to profit margins. They're not
going to real wage growth. And that
means that income is under pressure and
that we have this fragile foundation to
growth when it comes to consumer
spending activity.
>> Is there a breaking point for this? And
I'm talking about an economic breaking
point, not necessarily a political
breaking point. We talk a lot about
potential policies that are populist
that come and redistribute the wealth,
etc. that could stem from this type of
dynamic. But is there a market
equalizing factor that comes from people
not able to spend maybe on uh some of
the goods that might be enabled by
artificial intelligence? I mean when
does that sort of bridge gets broken
through?
>> I don't know that there is one point at
which something breaks but the reality
is that a narrow foundation to growth is
less stable in terms of economic
momentum. If you have more weight that
is put towards higher income individuals
that are doing more than their fair
share of uh spending then as a result of
that any type of uncertainty on the
financial market front can lead to a
pullback in spending from those
individuals. And if the foundations in
terms of income growth for the masses in
terms of consumers are softer, then that
means that they are more susceptible to
pulling back and being more judicious
when it comes to outlays. Same thing is
valid on the business front. We often
talk about a K-shaped economy on the
consumer front. It's the same on the
business front. A few businesses are
driving business investment. It's not
all businesses that are investing. And
that means that when you look at profit
margins on average, they're still very
healthy and they are a good sign and a
reassuring sign. But look at small
businesses. They're struggling in the
face of a number of these headwinds and
they're not driving growth as strongly
as the larger businesses.
>> Is it too soon to extrapolate maybe
potentially what also is going on here?
Are prices too high? Are we seeing that
people are just buying less or as we see
in some of the consumer confidence
reports and sentiment data, people are
concerned about the job pro prospects
upcoming so maybe they're not spending
as much. What do you make of actually
what is going on in the psychosis of the
American consumer?
>> I think the split between labor and
capital is really an example of how
businesses and consumers are feeling
this this economy. Anybody that benefits
from strong income growth, whether it's
via the stock market or via wage growth
is going to feel relatively well. But
the masses that are not benefiting from
these types of rapid wage growth and
these types of strong job growth
environments, they are the ones that are
struggling. They are the ones that are
being more judicious as to how they
spend from a business standpoint. They
are the ones being more judicious as to
who they hire, what skills they look
for, what salaries they offer as entry
wages, and how much growth they
tolerate. And that is really the narrow
foundation to growth that we're
currently seeing. And that is why most
people do not feel happy about the
current economic environment. Yet,
average growth figures are still
relatively healthy.
>> What are you expecting then for tomorrow
when it comes to the first clean read in
a while for payrolls? I don't know that
we're going to get clean data for a few
months in terms of CPI, in terms of
employment. But what I do expect
tomorrow cleaner is an environment where
we see almost no job growth after
revisions in 2025. Why? Because we're
going to get the quarterly census of
employment and wages that will show a
strong negative revision to job growth
through March of 2025. and the birth
death model that is being used to
forecast job growth over the rest of
2025 will lead to job growth being very
close to zero in 2025. Yes, that may not
matter because we can argue that there
has been a significant negative shock
from labor supply and reduced
immigration, but it does matter for
everybody that is looking for a job and
that is reliant on income as a source of
spending. That weakness is something
that we have to be very cautious of. the
income story is going to be the key
story in 2020.
>> Why are some Fed officials less
concerned about that than others?
>> I think it depends on what the weight is
that you put on the employment side of
the mandate versus the inflation side of
the mandate. If you put more weight on
the inflation side of the mandate, which
is what a lot of policymakers are doing
right now, you're seeing an environment
where essentially inflation is still
above the target around 3% when you look
at the PCE gauge. That is a concern
because they do not want inflation to
become an ananch anchor to the upside
and not come back down to the target. If
you focus more as Governor Waller has
been focusing on the labor side of the
mandate, then you're more focused about
a potential downside risk to labor
market activity. And when you look at a
broad range of labor market indicators,
they're not as reassuring as we may
observe in some of the other data. If
you look at how people are feeling about
their job prospects, if you look at the
hiring rate, if you look at wage growth,
which I find to be the best indicator of
underlying labor market demand, it's
softening. It's not accelerating and
real wage growth is very close to zero.
Those are signs that the labor market is
softer than what might have appeared up
till now in terms of payroll growth and
the unemployment rate.
>> It's hard to argue against that. That's
the governor wallamp as well. Greg, it's
good to see you. Greg of EY on the labor
market and on the retail sales data just
moments ago that came at a zero 0.0. The
estimate was positive 0.4. The team here
at Bloomberg breaking down the numbers.
Eight out of 13 categories posted
decreases including declines at clothing
stores and furniture outlets. Sales at
auto dealers also falling.
>> Yeah, and this is the reason why the
comp sale, the control group of the
retail sales actually declined 0.1% for
that key December month. The real
question here going forward about how
much this is just a blip versus exactly
what we were just talking about with
Greg, which is people aren't getting
paid. So, how are they going to spend
even if some of the numbers have been
robust from individual retailers?
>> Bonds are rallying. Yields are lower by
four basis points, the tenure at 416.
With an update on stories worldwide with
your Bloomberg brief, here's Yahara. Hey
yara.
>> Hi, John. Recapping the data we just
got, delayed December [music] retail
sales coming in unchanged at 4/10en of a
percent. Meanwhile, the retail sales
control group coming in lower than
expected at negative a tenth of a
percent as Lisa just said. Elsewhere,
ADP's weekly jobless claims show US
private employers added an average of
6,500 jobs per week over the 4-week
period [music] ending January 24th.
Meanwhile, consulting giant McKenzie is
handing over its 20 billion investment
[music] arm to Newberger Burman. The
deal caps off decades of Newberger's
management of McKenzie's current and
former [music] investment partners. It
will see about 280 employees join
Newberger with the deal still subject to
[music] regulatory approval.
And Google parents Alphabet making a
major push into the global debt market
issuing over 11 billion in sterling
[music] and Swiss Frank denominated
bonds. The sterling portion of the deal,
which is the largest ever for a
corporate issuer, attracted $30 billion
worth of bids. The offering also
includes an ultra rare 100-year notes
highlighting the company's aggressive
long-term commitment to AI. Dutch
Bloomberg Reef, John [music]
>> Yhara, thank you. Thank you very much.
Up next, Christina Cman of Invesco on
the downside surprise for retail sales.
Plus, Yahara's back with your morning
mover as shares of Coke lower after
reporting a sales miss. That name is
down by 3.8%. 8%.
Maybe a year or two down the road, it
could become [music]
uh maybe a headwind, but for right now,
you're unlocking all of this cash into
the into [music] the economy. So, you
essentially had trapped cash on balance
sheets, trapped abilities of these
companies [music] to issue debt, and now
they're now they're taking advantage of
it, and they could do this for years to
come. That was Eric Johnston of Caner
Fitzgerald a little bit earlier on this
morning on the record issuance we've
seen from some of these players and the
record demand that this market is
ultimately giving them. Equities at the
moment on the S&P 500 just about
unchanged. We just received the first
data point of many for the week and it
wasn't good. The December retail sales
number coming in much softer than
expected and unleashing a rally in the
bond market. Yields down by about four
or five basis points across the curve.
10's at 416, [music]
30s at 480. The opening bout 42 minutes
away. Let's get you some single names as
well. Your morning movers with Yahira.
Hey yhara.
>> Hi John. Coming into earnings, Coca-Cola
shares were up more than 12% in the
pre-market. So the bar was high and it
did not quite meet it. Shares are down
3.7% [music]
after the company's 2026 sales outlook
came in just a shy below um [music] Wall
Street estimates as the beverage giant
continues to grapple with people just
drinking less soda. It points to the
challenges facing Henrique Braun who is
set to [music] take the helm in March as
CEO. Meanwhile, moving on to the chip
manufacturer TSMC. Shares are up 2.3%
after revenue in January surged 37% as
the hyperscalers uh are set to spend a
uh are set to spend an eyepopping $650
billion in capex this year alone. TSMC
also planning to spend big earmarking
$56 billion in capex [music] this year
uh as well. And we end on Data Dog. This
is one of the companies that had been
caught up in the software selloff last
week. It is still off about more than
40% since its November peak, but it is
making some strides. Shares are up now
15% in the pre-market after beating
fourth quarter expectations. [music]
And while its fullear outlook did come
in a touch lighter than expected,
analysts do view it as conservative.
[music]
John
>> Yhara, thank you. Appreciate it. Thanks
for that. As we cut you down to the
opening bound, retail sales behind us.
This is what the calendar looks like now
for the week ahead. Look out for the Fed
speak from Hack and Logan at 1 p.m.
Eastern time. And we'll also get a White
House press conference, plus Ford
reporting earnings after the closing
bell. Wednesday, the payrolls report
just around the corner, plus results
from McDonald's. On Thursday, jobless
claims on Friday, CPI looking across
that calendar. Yes, the data [music]
matters, but McDonald's in focus just a
little bit more now just to get a better
idea of where this consumers [music] at
into the new year.
>> Yeah, with Coca-Cola really pointing to
some of the weakness particularly in
lowincome consumers. They really
spotlighted that with one of their
executives talking about how you
continue to see that pressure. Do you
see that? Interesting. Coke raised their
prices [music] an average of 4%. Pepsi
dropped their prices to try to increase
volume. It gives you a sense of what the
backdrop is from the consumer.
>> So, let's look at the next 12 months.
Christina CMY of Invesco writing, "In
many ways, we're at a crossroads and the
next few weeks should be telling for the
first half of 2026." Christina joins us
now for more. Christina, good morning.
>> Good morning. Thanks. wasn't a nice data
point on retail sales and thanks for
being here. What was your reaction to
that?
>> Look, I think the data remains very
noisy and we know we're we're continuing
to balance the inflation in the labor
market, but we know that there's this
bifurcation of the consumer and we're
all sitting here talking about the
K-shaped recovery, but we know that
there's a lot of weakness out there in
the labor market. It feels like we're
back into this waiting for the next shoe
to drop moment of you just aren't seeing
labor creation. And if there's not job
creation, it's hard to see this the
extent of um a robust economy continue.
>> You think that haven't seen it.
>> We might actually get some clarity
because we have been in this sort of
what are we looking at? How are these
numbers really shaping up uh for quite a
number of months?
>> Why is this potentially an inflection
point that could give us more clarity?
>> So I think that we're just we're getting
to this point of does something really
does it break or can we push through? We
have some of the impacts of the fiscal
and the big beautiful bill that should
come online in first into second
quarter, but the labor market I think
the market has kind of gotten acquainted
to maybe the break even payroll really
is this 0 to 50k number. And I think
that that's in the dialogue, but I don't
know if the market's ready for seeing a
negative print or seeing that that that
is still reacted to as a more negative.
So I think the labor market really holds
the key here of where do we go from
here? And again, if you take a step
back, you've never been able to maintain
this level of growth without job growth.
>> Can the rotation that everyone keeps
talking about continue without seeing
the commensurate economic data given
that a lot of it's predicated on a whole
host of spending that frankly the debt
market is super happy to keep financing.
>> But you guys spoke about it earlier this
morning. I mean, so much of the growth
in the US economy has been driven by the
hyperscalers and the hyperscalers alone.
And you have the administration focused
on affordability and talking about
pushing out a thousand dollars per
consumer per family. So like there's
this big bifurcation push and pull of
where growth is really coming from. And
again I think the critical point comes
back to can you have labor market growth
to then sustain it on a longer run
basis.
>> When you see retail sales like this and
individuals before this were saying
actually people were using the basically
future tax rebate they knew they were
going to get to spend. Well, they
clearly were not. Why do you think
they're actually going to use it when
they get it potentially? Is that just
going to go to John's point earlier this
week and last week talking about
electricity prices or maybe paying down
some of their own debt?
>> I think that there's definitely I think
the consumer has been we've seen this
since co the consumer is much choosier,
right? And they're savvy about where
they're spending and how they're
spending and and rotating around as
needed. But I think there's a lot of
angst in in the market and in the
economy of like what is the next shoe to
drop? do I have okay we're we're
optimistic about better tax refunds and
you have the the tax bill that's coming
through but like things feel on unsteady
grounds more broadly so it doesn't shock
me that the consumer is taking a pause
right
>> what are you expecting from jobs
tomorrow
>> um I think the risk again I think what
uh consensus is like 68 70,000 right
like
>> I think in that ballpark the risks are
probably a weaker number if you have
more drag from government jobs um coming
from of the delayed retirements or push
outs from Doge of early last year. But
again, I think when I look at the labor
market,
the risk I think is that we have more
weakness in the medium-term and that you
have a market that is more reactive or
overreactive to a zero print. when you
say well again if the break even number
is only 25 having a zero or a negative
25 is actually not that out of the realm
of possibility
>> this program started so bullish I just
want to reflect on that it started so
bullish on the US economy and the
president was talking about 15% no one
thinks 15%'s going to happen but
ultimately there was three big reasons
for that refunds the tech capex the
monetary policy the rate cuts we've
already seen and then it's one data
point from December and all of a sudden
it's all bearish again
>> just like that
>> it depends what side of the story you're
talking about are you talking about the
AI eye story where people could still be
very bullish. Are you talking about the
real economy which seems to be
completely unaffected right now or not
unaffected I'm being dramatic but uh and
not necessarily seeing the scope of some
of those gains
>> and that just really shows why the
president is having such a hard time. We
are seeing tons of money being spent but
only from these hyperscaler tech
companies and the angst within the
consumer. You're not seeing them
spending. They're concerned about their
jobs and they probably are concerned
about the tech companies driving up
their electricity prices and maybe also
making their job obsolete. The GDP could
be good to that point, but the kind of
numbers that move the D for the polls
and the midterms might not be. It's good
to see you. Thanks for being here.
Christina Cman of Invesco. If you're
just joining us, welcome to the program.
Futures just about unchanged on the S&P
500, but the data we got about 25
minutes ago, just supporting the bid we
saw go into bonds in the last few hours.
Bond yields are down across the curve.
We're down about four or five basis
points on a 10-year, down almost six on
30s, 480 at the very long end of the
curve. Coming up tomorrow, we'll catch
up with Steve Englander of Standard
Charted, Lisa Charlotte [music] of
Morgan Stanley, Gagi Chowry of Black
Rockck, and Mike Gapen of Morgan
Stanley.
[music]